---
title: 'ACP2E-4456: Canceling an order with a GraphQL mutation does not move orders paid entirely with gift cards to the Closed status'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4456 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where canceling an order through a GraphQL mutation doesn’t transition gift card–paid orders to the [!UICONTROL Closed] status.
feature: Orders
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4456: Canceling an order with a GraphQL mutation does not move orders paid entirely with gift cards to the Closed status

The ACP2E-4456 patch fixes the issue where GraphQL order cancellation doesn’t transition gift card–paid orders to the Closed status. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.78 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4456. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

An issue occurs where canceling an order through a GraphQL mutation doesn’t transition gift card–paid orders to the Closed status.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a gift card of any type.
1. Create a simple product.
1. Enable **[!UICONTROL Free Shipping]**.
1. Enable GraphQL order cancellation by navigating to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL Sales]** > **[!UICONTROL Order cancellation]**, and set **[!UICONTROL Order cancellation through GraphQL]** to *Yes*.
1. Sign in to the storefront account.
1. Purchase a gift card, generate an invoice for the order, and note the gift card number.
1. Add the simple product to the cart.
1. Select **[!UICONTROL Free Shipping]** during checkout.
1. Complete the payment using the gift card.
1. Invoice the order.
1. Cancel the order using the following GraphQL mutation:

   ```
   mutation {
   	cancelOrder(input: { order_id: "Nw==", reason: "Other" }) {
   		error
   		order {
   			carrier
   			created_at
   			email
   			gift_receipt_included
   			grand_total
   			id
   			increment_id
   			number
   			order_date
   			shipping_method
   			status
   		}
   	}
   }
   ```

<u>Expected results</u>:

The order status changes to Canceled.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The order is not canceled.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
