---
title: 'ACP2E-4613: Large media directory structures slow gettree responses and delay loading of the Media Gallery directory tree'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4613 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where large media directory structures cause slow gettree responses, leading to extended loading times for the [!UICONTROL Media Gallery] directory tree.
feature: Admin Workspace, Media, Catalog Management
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4613: Large media directory structures slow `gettree` responses and delay loading of the Media Gallery directory tree

The ACP2E-4613 patch fixes the issue where large media directory structures cause slow `gettree` responses, leading to extended loading times for the **[!UICONTROL Media Gallery]** directory tree. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.78 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4613. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Large media directory structures cause slow `gettree` responses, leading to extended loading times for the [!UICONTROL Media Gallery] directory tree.

<u>Prerequisites</u>:

1. A large number of products with multiple images are created.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Generate image thumbnails:

   ```
   bin/magento catalog:images:resize
   ```

1. Create subdirectories under `pub/media/catalog/category`, such as `test`, `test2`, `test3`, and `test4`.
1. Copy catalog images, including cache subdirectories, into the newly created directories:

   ```
   cp -r pub/media/catalog/product/* pub/media/catalog/category/test/
   $ cp -r pub/media/catalog/product/* pub/media/catalog/category/test2/
   (...)
   ```

1. Log in to the Admin panel and navigate to **[!UICONTROL Content]** > *[!UICONTROL Media]* > **[!UICONTROL Media Gallery]**.
1. Observe that the `pub/admin/media_gallery/directories/gettree/?isAjax=true` request takes a long time to complete.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The directory tree loads within a few seconds.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The directory tree takes several minutes to load, depending on the number of subdirectories under `pub/media`.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
