---
title: 'ACP2E-4513: Expired CAPTCHA images are not removed from the system'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4513 patch to fix the issue where expired CAPTCHA images are not deleted by the `captcha_delete_expired_images` cron job and remain in the system.
feature: System, Security
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: ba9e5be9-7de1-4f71-a5d2-baead0e425ee
    internal-label: Security
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
  - id: ff6a42d2-313e-452e-93a6-792e4fad9ff8
    internal-label: Developer
level_v2:
  - id: b5a62a22-46f7-4f0d-b151-3fc640bef588
    internal-label: Intermediate
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
industry_v2:
  - id: aad1e361-483a-40cf-9a88-144325515074
    internal-label: Retail
---

# ACP2E-4513: Expired CAPTCHA images are not removed from the system

The ACP2E-4513 patch fixes the issue where expired CAPTCHA images are not deleted by the `captcha_delete_expired_images` cron job and remain in the system. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.78 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4513. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Expired CAPTCHA images are not automatically deleted by the `captcha_delete_expired_images` cron job and remain in the system.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Go to **[!UICONTROL Admin]** > **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL Advanced]** > **[!UICONTROL Admin]** > **[!UICONTROL Captcha]**.
    1. Set **[!UICONTROL Enable CAPTCHA in Admin]** to *Yes*.
    1. Select **[!UICONTROL Forms]** : *Admin Login*, *Admin Forgot Password*.
    1. Click **[!UICONTROL Save config]**.
1. Log out and open the **[!UICONTROL Forgot password]** page.
1. Enter random credentials and generate a couple of captcha images.
1. Verify that images are created in the `pub/media/captcha/admin/` directory.
1. Run the `captcha_delete_expired_images` cron job and check the directory again.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Expired CAPTCHA images are removed by the `captcha_delete_expired_images` cron job.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Expired CAPTCHA images remain in the directory after running the `captcha_delete_expired_images` cron job.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
