---
title: 'ACP2E-4448: Configuration changes made during [!DNL Redis] outages do not reflect after [!DNL Redis] recovers, and stale values persist'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4448 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where configuration changes made during Redis outages are not reflected after Redis recovers, causing stale values to persist.
feature: Admin Workspace
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4448: Configuration changes made during [!DNL Redis] outages do not reflect after [!DNL Redis] recovers, and stale values persist

The ACP2E-4448 patch fixes the fixed the L2 issue when the local cache, stale cache, and Redis could become unsynchronized when Redis was unavailable, and configuration changes made during Redis outages were not properly reflected after Redis recovered, causing stale values to persist. This fix ensures correct synchronization across all caches, preserving the latest saved values and keeping them visible even when Redis is down. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.78 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4448. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p1

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Fixed the L2 issue when the local cache, stale cache, and Redis could become unsynchronized when Redis was unavailable, and configuration changes made during Redis outages were not properly reflected after Redis recovered, causing stale values to persist. This fix ensures correct synchronization across all caches, preserving the latest saved values and keeping them visible even when Redis is down.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Configure the L2 cache using the RemoteSynchronizedCache backend with Redis as the remote backend and file cache as the local backend.
1. Navigate to Configuration > General > Contact > Email Options > Send Emails To.
1. Update the Send Emails To value to 100@example.com.
1. Refresh the page multiple times to confirm the value is cached.
1. Stop the Redis service to simulate a service interruption.
1. Update the Send Emails To value to 200@example.com.
1. Start the Redis service.
1. Refresh the configuration page.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Should show the new config value of 200@example.com

<u>Actual results</u>:

It shows the old config value of 100@example.com

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.