---
title: 'ACP2E-4591: Customer segments based on order count, such as "First-time buyers", do not update when orders are placed through the REST API'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4591 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where customer segments based on order count, such as “First‑time buyers”, did not update when orders were placed via the REST API.
feature: Customer, Promotions/Events
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4591: Customer segments based on order count, such as "First-time buyers", do not update for orders placed through the REST API.

The ACP2E-4591 patch fixes the issue where customer segments based on order count, such as “First‑time buyers”, do not update when orders are placed via the REST API due to the absence of a customer session. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.78 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4591. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p4

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.7-p9

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where customer segments based on order count, such as “First‑time buyers”, did not update when orders were placed via the REST API due to the absence of a customer session.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a customer segment "First User" with the following condition:

   ```
   If ALL of these conditions are TRUE:
   Total Number of Orders less than 1 while ALL of these Conditions match:
   Order Status is Any
   ```

1. Create a customer.
1. Run the matchCustomerSegmentProcessor consumer and verify that the newly created customer appears in the "Matched Registered Customers" grid.
1. Add a product to the cart from the Storefront as a logged-in customer.
1. Place an order using the REST API endpoints.
1. Run the above consumer.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Customers should be removed from the "First User" segment immediately after placing an order - without relying on the consumer.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The customer is still in the "First User" segment even after placing an order and running the consumer.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
