---
title: 'ACP2E-4416: Customer reward points do not initialize when created in the Admin'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4416 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where API requests for reward points return errors for customers created through the Admin or the API.
feature: GraphQL, Customers
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4416: Customer reward points do not initialize when created in the Admin

The ACP2E-4416 patch fixes the issue where customer reward points are not initialized when created in the Admin. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.78 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4416. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Customer reward points are not initialized when created in the Admin.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a customer through the Admin or the REST API
1. Send a [!DNL GraphQL] request to retrieve the customer’s reward points balance
1. Review the response

<u>Expected results</u>:

The system returns the customer’s reward points balance.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The system returns an error:

```
{"errors":[{"message":"Internal server error","locations":[{"line":5,"column":9}],"path":["customer","reward_points","balance","points"]}],"data":{"customer":{"reward_points":{"balance":null}}}}
```

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
