---
title: 'ACP2E-4609: The My Quotes page shows no quotes when some quotes contain deleted products'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4609 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the My Quotes page shows no quotes when some quotes contain deleted products.
feature: B2B
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4609: The My Quotes page shows no quotes when some quotes contain deleted products

The ACP2E-4609 patch fixes the issue where the My Quotes page shows no quotes when some quotes contain deleted products. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.78 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4609. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where the My Quotes page shows no quotes when some quotes contain deleted products.

<u>Prerequisites</u>:

Company and B2B Quote features are enabled.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a company.
1. Create several simple products.
1. Create a bundle product with at least two options, and select **[!UICONTROL User Defined]**. Assign the simple products to different bundle options.
1. Log in to the storefront as the company admin.
1. Add the bundle product to the cart twice using the same options but different quantities.
1. Navigate to the cart and create a Quote.
1. Delete the associated simple products.
1. To reproduce the issue, the quote should be flagged as `trigger_recollect: 1`.
   
   Run the following SQL command against the Adobe Commerce database:


   ```
   UPDATE quote SET trigger_recollect = 1 WHERE entity_id = 1;
   ```

1. Go to **[!UICONTROL My Account]** > **[!UICONTROL My Quotes]**.

<u>Expected results</u>:

My Quotes grid should be rendered successfully.

<u>Actual results</u>:

1. My Quotes grid is not populated.
1. HTTP response (negotiable_quote/ui/render/):

   ```
   {"error":"Requested quote is not found. Row ID: quoteId = 1","errorcode":"0"}
   ```

1. Error in the exception.log:

   ```
   report.CRITICAL: Magento\Framework\Exception\NoSuchEntityException: Requested quote is not found. Row ID: quoteId = 1 in app/code/Magento/NegotiableQuote/Model/NegotiableQuoteManagement.php:673
   ```

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
