---
title: 'ACP2E-4665: REST API does not return child products when a video is present in the product gallery'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4665 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where child products of configurable products containing videos in the product galleries are not listed when requested through REST API.
feature: REST, Catalog Management
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4665: Child products of configurable products with videos in the product galleries do not appear when requested through the REST API

The ACP2E-4665 patch fixes the issue where child products of a configurable product are not returned by the REST API when a video is included in the product gallery. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.78 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4665. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Child products of configurable products are not returned by the REST API when a video is present in the product gallery.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Add a video to a configurable product's child product.
1. Send a request to the following REST API endpoint:
`rest/v1/configurable-products/<PARENT_CONFIGURABLE_PRODUCT_SKU>/children`.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The REST API returns information about the product.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The REST API returns the following error:

```
Error: Call to a member function getVideoProvider() on null in vendor/magento/module-product-video/Model/Product/Attribute/Media/ExternalVideoEntryConverter.php:87" exception.
```

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
