---
title: 'ACP2E-4732: Partial indexation stops for customers with many updates when the version_id column in the changelog table reaches its maximum value'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4732 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where partial indexation stopped for customers with a large number of updates when the version_id column in the changelog table reached its maximum value.
feature: Catalog Management, Price Indexer
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4732: Partial indexation stops for customers with many updates when the version_id column in the changelog table reaches its maximum value

The ACP2E-4732 patch fixes the issue where partial indexation stops for customers with a large number of updates when the version_id column in the changelog table reaches its maximum value. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.78 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4732. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.7-p9

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Partial indexation stops for customers with a large number of updates after the `version_id` column in the `changelog` table reaches its maximum value.

<u>Prerequisites</u>:

1. The instance runs in production mode.
1. Indexers are set to the *Update on Schedule* mode.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a product and update it 4,294,967,295 times (the maximum unsigned integer value in MySQL).
1. Update the product one additional time.

<u>Expected results</u>:

1. All updates are synchronized correctly when using the *Update on Schedule* mode.

<u>Actual results</u>:

1. Products are not displayed on the Storefront.
1. The `catalog_product_index_price` table does not contain price entries for these products.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
