---
title: 'ACP2E-4431: Related Products matched by target rules are deleted during the reindex process'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4431 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where related products matched by target rules now remain correctly associated throughout the reindex process.
feature: Marketing Tools
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4431: Related Products matched by target rules are deleted during the reindex process

The ACP2E-4431 patch fixes the issue where Related Products matched by the target rules are deleted during the reindex process. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.78 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4431. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p4

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where Related Products matched by the target rules are deleted during the reindex process.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create 10000 or more products.
1. Assign 10000 or more products to 5000 or more categories.
1. Create 100 or more related product rules.
1. Configure rule conditions where Products to match use Product Category is X.
1. Configure Products to display using Product Category is Constant Value Y.
1. Execute the provided GraphQL query to retrieve related_products for a product.
1. Create a large backlog for the targetrule_product_rule index.
1. Create a large backlog for the targetrule_rule_product index.
1. Run the targetrule_rule_product indexer.
1. Run the targetrule_product_rule indexer.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The related product list is always populated with products that match the rule conditions.

<u>Actual results</u>:

1. The related_products list returns an empty array while the indexers are executing.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.