---
title: 'ACP2E-4555: Telephone numbers that contain periods or forward slashes do not validate properly'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4555 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where modern telephone numbers containing . or / are not validated properly.
feature: Customers, User Account
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4555: Telephone numbers that contain periods or forward slashes do not validate properly

The ACP2E-4555 patch fixes the issue where modern telephone numbers containing . or / are not validated properly. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.78 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4555. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where modern telephone numbers containing . or / are not validated properly.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Log in as a customer on the Storefront.
1. Add a new address to the address book with a telephone number such as 06.76.40.32.22 or +43680/2149568.
1. Save the address details.

<u>Expected results</u>:

1. It's possible to use such a telephone format.

<u>Actual results</u>:

1. Validation fails for the telephone field due to the . or / characters.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
