---
title: 'ACP2E-4565: The Company GraphQL query returns "The current customer isn't authorized" when the X-Adobe-Company header is used'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4565 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the Company GraphQL query returns “The current customer isn’t authorized” when the X‑Adobe‑Company header is used.
feature: B2B, GraphQL
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4565: The Company GraphQL query returns "The current customer isn't authorized" when the X-Adobe-Company header is used

The ACP2E-4565 patch fixes the issue where the Company GraphQL query returns “The current customer isn’t authorized” when both the X-Adobe-Company and Store headers were included in the request, even though the customer was properly assigned to the specified company and store. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.78 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4565. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where the Company GraphQL query returns “The current customer isn’t authorized” when both the X-Adobe-Company and Store headers were included in the request, even though the customer was properly assigned to the specified company and store.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Enable [!DNL B2B] company.
1. Create an additional website, store, and store view.
1. Create 2 companies (Company 1 and Company 2).
1. Create a user assigned to the second website.
1. Assign both companies to the user.
1. Make the following GraphQL query with headers: X-Adobe-Company: MQ== , Store: storeview2 (secondary view)

   ```
   query Company {
     company {
       id
       legal_name
       name
     }
   }
   ```

<u>Expected results</u>:

1. Company data is returned.

<u>Actual results</u>:

1. An error happens:

  ```
  {
      "errors": [
          {
              "message": "The current customer isn't authorized.",
              "extensions": {
                  "category": "graphql-authorization"
              }
          }
      ]
  }
  ```

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.