---
title: "ACP2E-4507: [!UICONTROL Password Options] configuration doesn't apply to customer password reset requests made through GraphQL mutations"
description: Apply the ACP2E-4507 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where [!UICONTROL Password Options] configuration isn't applied for customer password reset requests made through GraphQL mutations.
feature: GraphQL, Security
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: ba9e5be9-7de1-4f71-a5d2-baead0e425ee
    internal-label: Security
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
  - id: ff6a42d2-313e-452e-93a6-792e4fad9ff8
    internal-label: Developer
  - id: f8a45b24-4be7-4f1b-909b-60d06b483a20
    internal-label: Leader
level_v2:
  - id: b5a62a22-46f7-4f0d-b151-3fc640bef588
    internal-label: Intermediate
topic_v2:
  - id: d095671a-1355-40aa-8b5f-06c33c68080b
    internal-label: Security
industry_v2:
  - id: aad1e361-483a-40cf-9a88-144325515074
    internal-label: Retail
---

# ACP2E-4507: [!UICONTROL Password Options] configuration doesn't apply to customer password reset requests made through GraphQL mutations

The ACP2E-4507 patch fixes the issue where the **[!UICONTROL Password Options]** configuration isn't applied for customer password reset requests made through GraphQL mutations. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.78 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4507. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The **[!UICONTROL Password Options]** configuration isn't applied for customer password reset requests made through GraphQL mutations.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Check and confirm the customer password options in
**[!UICONTROL Store]** > **[!UICONTROL Configurations]** > **[!UICONTROL Customers]** > **[!UICONTROL Customer Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL Password Options]**.
1. Send the password reset email using the `requestPasswordResetEmail` GraphQL mutation.
1. Reset the password using the `resetPassword` GraphQL mutation using the token from the sent email.
1. Repeat the same steps to reset the password multiple times.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The customer password resets triggered via GraphQL behaves the same way as web-based password resets and honors [!UICONTROL Admin] configuration settings.

<u>Actual results</u>:

GraphQL allows triggering password reset requests an unlimited number of times and doesn't enforce the limits defined in the backend customer **[!UICONTROL Password Options]**.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
