---
title: 'ACSD-68206: [!DNL GraphQL] server fails with rate limiting and PHP Redis extension'
description: Apply the ACSD-68206 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where an error occurs when the [!DNL GraphQL] Application server is used with the Rate Limiting feature and the PHP Redis extension, causing the rate limit functionality to break.
feature: GraphQL, Cache
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68206: [!DNL GraphQL] server fails with rate limiting and PHP Redis extension

The ACSD-68206 patch fixes the issue where the GraphQL Application server throws an error when working with the Rate Limiting feature and the PHP Redis extension, which disrupts rate limit functionality. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.73 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68206. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p2

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The issue occurs when the GraphQL Application server uses the Rate Limiting feature with the PHP Redis extension installed, resulting in a broken rate limit functionality.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Install the PHP Redis extension.
1. Configure Redis for the application.
1. Set up the rate limiter to allow one order per customer every minute.
1. Start the [!DNL GraphQL] application server.
1. As a customer, submit an order using the `PlaceOrder` [!DNL GraphQL] mutation.
1. Within one minute, submit a second order using the `PlaceOrder` [!DNL GraphQL] mutation for the same customer.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The `PlaceOrder` [!DNL GraphQL] request returns a message limiting order attempts.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The server returns a 500 error for the second PlaceOrder GraphQL request. The exception log records:

```
report.CRITICAL: Error: Call to a member function exec() on null in vendor/colinmollenhour/credis/Client.php:1336
```

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
