---
title: 'ACSD-67908: JavaScript files fail to merge correctly in multi-store setups'
description: Apply the ACSD-67908 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where JavaScript files fail to merge correctly in multi-store setups.
feature: Build, Deploy
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---
# ACSD-67908: JavaScript files fail to merge correctly in multi-store setups 

The ACSD-67908 patch fixes the issue where JavaScript files fail to merge correctly in multi-store setups. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.73 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67908. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p5

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Merged JavaScript files fail to generate correctly in multi-store setups, leading to corrupted files and storefront errors.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Set up 50 or more websites, stores, and store views.
1. Set production mode and skip compilation: 
`bin/magento deploy:mode:set production --skip-compilation`.
1. Deploy generated code: 
`bin/magento setup:di:compile`.
1. Deploy static content using compact strategy: 
`bin/magento setup:static-content:deploy --strategy compact --jobs 10`.
1. Delete contents of the merged cache folder: 
`rm -rf pub/static/_cache/merged/*`.
1. Clear cache: 
`bin/magento cache:clean`.
1. Access all store views in parallel.


<u>Expected results</u>:

All JavaScript files merge successfully and the storefront functions without errors.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Some merged JavaScript files are corrupted and do not begin with the correct `requireJS` module declaration.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
