---
title: 'ACSD-68400: Virtual gift card quantity is not accurately reflecting in the inventory reservation table.'
description: Apply the ACSD-68400 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue when an order is created with products that have the same SKU but are in different order items a reservation will be created for only one of them.
feature: Inventory
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68400: Virtual gift card quantity is not accurately reflecting in the inventory reservation table.

The ACSD-68400 patch fixes the issue where virtual gift card quantity is not accurately reflected in the inventory reservation table. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.73 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68400. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6-p12

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.7-p8

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The virtual gift card quantity is not accurately reflecting in the inventory reservation table.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a clean 2.4-develop instance.
1. Log in to the admin.
1. Create a virtual gift card.
1. Edit the product and click on **[!UICONTROL Advanced Inventory]**.
1. Enable Manage Stock and set the quantity to 9999.
1. Save the product
1. Go to the Frontend and navigate to the Gift card category.
1. Add a product with an amount of 25.
1. Add a product with an amount of 50.
1. Go to checkout and place the order.
1. Check the last entry in the `inventory_reservation` table for the placed order. It should show a quantity of 2.
1. Go back to the admin panel and open the placed order from **[!UICONTROL Sales]** > **[!UICONTROL Orders]**.
1. Click **[!UICONTROL Invoice]** and submit an invoice for the order
1. Check the `inventory_reservation` table again. It now shows a reservation of only 1 instead of 2.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Reservation should be created for the quantity that was ordered and invoiced, which is 2 in this case.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Reservation is created for only 1 instead of 2.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
