---
title: 'ACSD-68391: Category-related permissions not applied in Quick Order and Requisition Lists'
description: Apply the ACSD-68391 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where category-related permissions are not applied in Quick Order and Requisition Lists.
feature: Catalog Management, B2B
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---
# ACSD-68391: Category-related permissions not applied in [!UICONTROL Quick Order] and [!UICONTROL Requisition Lists] 

The ACSD-68391 patch fixes the issue where category-related permissions not applied in **[!UICONTROL Quick Order]** and **[!UICONTROL Requisition Lists]**. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.73 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68391. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Category-related permissions are not applied correctly in **[!UICONTROL Quick Order]** and **[!UICONTROL Requisition Lists]**.


<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Enable **[!UICONTROL Quick Order]** and **[!UICONTROL Requisition Lists]**.
1. Go to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL Catalog]** > **[!UICONTROL Catalog]**.
1. Scroll to **[!UICONTROL Category Permissions]** and set **[!UICONTROL Enable]** to *Yes*.
1. Set category permissions to deny price visibility for the "NOT LOGGED IN" customer group.
1. Open the category as a guest user on the storefront and confirm prices are hidden.
1. Use **[!UICONTROL Quick Order]** to search for a product assigned to this category.
1. Add the product to the **[!UICONTROL Requisition Lists]**.


<u>Expected results</u>:

Prices are not visible for products from restricted categories in **[!UICONTROL Quick Order]** and **[!UICONTROL Requisition Lists]** views.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Prices are visible in **[!UICONTROL Quick Order]** and **[!UICONTROL Requisition Lists]** for products from restricted categories.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
