---
title: 'ACSD-67171: Expired [!DNL B2B] session during checkout redirects to Access Denied page instead of login'
description: Apply the ACSD-67171 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where [!DNL B2B] customers are redirected to an *Access Denied* page when their session expires or is removed during checkout. 
feature: B2B, Companies, Customers
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-67171: Expired [!DNL B2B] session during checkout redirects to Access Denied page instead of login

The ACSD-67171 patch fixes the issue where [!DNL B2B] customers are redirected to an *Access Denied* page when your session expires or is removed during checkout. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.73 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67171. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p1

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The system shows an Access Denied page during checkout when a [!DNL B2B] user’s session expires or is removed, instead of redirecting them to the customer login page.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. In the Admin panel, go to [!UICONTROL Stores] > [!UICONTROL Configuration] > [!UICONTROL General] > [!UICONTROL [!DNL B2B] Features], set [!UICONTROL [!DNL B2B] Features] to *Yes*, then go to [!UICONTROL Customers] > [!UICONTROL Persistent Shopping Cart] and set [!UICONTROL Enable Persistence] to *Yes*.
1. Go to [!UICONTROL Customers] > [!UICONTROL Companies] and select [!UICONTROL Add New Company] to create a new [!DNL B2B] Company.
1. Log in to the storefront as the [!DNL B2B] Company user.
1. Add any product to the cart.
1. Proceed to the Checkout page.
1. Allow the session to expire.
1. Reload the Checkout page.

<u>Expected results</u>:

You are redirected to the customer login page.

<u>Actual results</u>:

You are redirected to `/company/accessdenied` and see *You do not have permissions to view this page. If you believe this is a mistake, please contact your company administrator.*

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
