---
title: 'ACSD-48857: Unable to save changes after editing with [!DNL Page Builder]'
description: Apply the ACSD-48857 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the user is unable to save changes after editing with [!DNL Page Builder].
exl-id: c95b354d-8954-4e9c-9e92-8a64f62f0a68
feature: Admin Workspace, CMS, Page Builder
role: Admin
---
# ACSD-48857: Unable to save changes after editing with [!DNL Page Builder]

The ACSD-48857 patch fixes the issue where the user is unable to save changes after editing with [!DNL Page Builder]. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/announcements/adobe-commerce-announcements/magento-quality-patches-released-new-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.28 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-48857. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.7.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.5-p1

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.3 - 2.4.6

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

User is unable to save changes after editing with [!DNL Page Builder].

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>

1. Log in to the Admin website.
1. Navigate to **[!UICONTROL Content]** > **[!UICONTROL Elements]** > **[!UICONTROL Pages]** to create an empty CMS page.
1. Run this SQL script to set the following **[!UICONTROL Content]** field value:

    ```SQL
    update cms_page set content = '<div data-content-type="text" data-appearance="default" data-element="main"><h4 style="text-align: center;" contenteditable="true" data-placeholder="Edit Heading Text" data-content-type="heading" data-appearance="default" data-element="main">THE RULES</h4></div>' where page_id=8;
    ```

1. Return to **[!UICONTROL Content]** > **[!UICONTROL Elements]** > **[!UICONTROL Pages]** in Admin.
1. Edit your page.
1. Go to the **[!UICONTROL Content]** tab.
1. Click **[!UICONTROL Save]**.

<u>Expected results</u>

HTML content sanitization is implemented. This removes [!DNL Page Builder] reserved HTML attributes in contents generated by the text editor.

<u>Actual results</u>

Page remains unsaved and the loader keeps spinning. In the console, the following error is generated:

```
[ERROR] Page Builder was rendering for 5 seconds without releasing locks.
```

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-operations/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.html) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] released: a new tool to self-serve quality patches](/help/announcements/adobe-commerce-announcements/magento-quality-patches-released-new-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in our support knowledge base.
* [Check if patch is available for your Adobe Commerce issue using [!DNL Quality Patches Tool]](/help/support-tools/patches-available-in-qpt-tool/check-patch-for-magento-issue-with-magento-quality-patches.md) in our support knowledge base.

For info about other patches available in QPT, refer to [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
