---
title: 'MDVA-40401: Coupon usage value changes after failed order'
description: The MDVA-40401 patch fixes the issue where coupon usage value changes even after a failed order. This patch is available when the [Quality Patches Tool (QPT)](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches) 1.1.4 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-40401. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.4.
feature: Orders
role: Admin
exl-id: bc8eedd6-977f-4f21-bcd1-b5f6c4a6704f
---
# MDVA-40401: Coupon usage value changes after failed order

The MDVA-40401 patch fixes the issue where coupon usage value changes even after a failed order. This patch is available when the [Quality Patches Tool (QPT)](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches) 1.1.4 is installed. The patch ID is MDVA-40401. Please note that the issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.4.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.2-p2

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.3.6 - 2.3.7-p2, 2.4.1 - 2.4.3-p1

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new Quality Patches Tool releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Users are not able to reapply the coupon once they have used it in a failed order.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a shopping cart rule with autogenerated coupons.
1. Add a product to the cart and apply the coupon.
1. Go to **Checkout**.
1. Make the added product "out of stock" before placing the order.
1. You should get an *out of stock* error.
1. Run cron.
1. Go to the cart and remove that product.
1. Add another product and apply the coupon.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The coupon code should apply successfully as the previous order was not placed.

<u>Actual results</u>:

You get a *coupon code is invalid* error.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment type:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about Quality Patches Tool, refer to:

* [Quality Patches Tool released: a new tool to self-serve quality patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches) in the support knowledge base.
* [Check if patch is available for your Adobe Commerce issue using Quality Patches Tool](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/patches-available-in-qpt/check-patch-for-magento-issue-with-magento-quality-patches.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.

For info about other patches available in QPT, refer to the [Patches available in QPT](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html) section.
