---
title: 'ACSD-68410: Negotiable quote checkout includes unintended shopping cart items'
description: Apply the ACSD-68410 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where placing an order for a negotiable quote, additional cart lines are being incorrectly added/merged to the negotiable quote. Products are now correctly added to the shopping cart after completing the last step of negotiable quote checkout.
feature: B2B
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68410: Negotiable quote checkout includes unintended shopping cart items

The ACSD-68410 patch fixes the issue where placing an order for a negotiable quote incorrectly adds or merges additional cart lines to the quote. Products are now correctly added to the shopping cart after completing the last step of negotiable quote checkout. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.76 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68410. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce B2B 1.5.3.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) B2B 1.5.2

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) B2B 1.3.3 - 1.5.2-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Placing an order for a negotiable quote incorrectly adds or merges additional cart lines to the quote. Products are now correctly added to the shopping cart after completing the last step of negotiable quote checkout.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Log in to the [!UICONTROL Admin] panel.
1. Create a B2B company.
1. Log in as the company user on the storefront.
1. Add a product to the shopping cart.
1. Go to the shopping cart.
1. Request a negotiable quote.
1. Approve the quote from the [!UICONTROL Admin] panel.
1. Open the storefront checkout page with a negotiable quote in the first browser tab.
1. Proceed to the **[!UICONTROL Place Order]** page.
1. In a second tab, add additional items to the shopping cart.
1. Switch back to the first browser tab.
1. Return to the payment page of the negotiable quote checkout flow.
1. Refresh the negotiable quote checkout page.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The negotiable quote checkout remains isolated and doesn't include shopping cart items that weren't part of the original negotiable quote.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The items added to the cart in Step 10 are also added or merged into the checkout for the negotiable quote, causing the checkout to include items that weren't part of the original quote.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
