---
title: "ACSD-69541: Reducing a product's quantity in the [!UICONTROL Admin] to less than what already exists in a cart made it impossible to edit the product quantity in that cart via GraphQL"
description: Apply the ACSD-69541 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where reducing a product's quantity in the [!UICONTROL Admin] Panel in the shopping cart makes it impossible to edit this product quantity in the same shopping cart via GraphQL later.
feature: GraphQL, Shopping Cart
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-69541: Reducing a product's quantity in the [!UICONTROL Admin] to less than what already exists in a cart made it impossible to edit the product quantity in that cart via GraphQL

The ACSD-69541 patch fixes the issue where adding a product to the shopping cart, and reducing its quantity in the [!UICONTROL Admin] Panel, makes it impossible to edit this product quantity in the same shopping cart via GraphQL later. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.76 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-69541. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p2

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Adding a product to the shopping cart, and reducing its quantity in the [!UICONTROL Admin] Panel, makes it impossible to edit this product quantity in the same shopping cart via GraphQL later.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a simple product: **SKU** = *p1* with **quantity** = *10*.
1. Reindex to ensure **[!UICONTROL salable quantity]** = *10* exists.
1. Add qty = *10* of the previously created product to the shopping cart by GraphQL request.
1. Edit the product in the [!UICONTROL Admin Panel] to reduce the product qty to *5* and save it.
1. Reindex again.
1. Try to update the product qty in the shopping cart to <= *5* by GraphQL request.
1. Try to update the product qty in the shopping cart to > *5* by GraphQL request.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The cart quantity should be updated if sufficient quantity is **In Stock**. Otherwise, the corresponding error message should be returned in the GraphQL response.

<u>Actual results</u>:

When trying to update the cart qty to <= *5*, a `success` response from GraphQL occurs, but the product quantity in the shopping cart remains unchanged.
When trying to update the cart qty to > *5*, an internal server error occurs in the GraphQL response instead of valid error message.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Additional steps required after the patch installation

>[!NOTE]
>
>**This section is optional**; there might be some steps required after applying the patch to fix the issue.

To see the error in GraphQL response, the following section should be added to the request:

```
errors {
      code
      message
  }
```  

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
