---
title: 'ACSD-69325: Modifying the SKU case caused the product to appear out-of-stock on the storefront'
description: Apply the ACSD-69325 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where products are displayed as out of stock on the storefront after the SKU is updated to use lowercase characters.
feature: Inventory, Catalog Management, Products
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-69325: Modifying the SKU case caused the product to appear out-of-stock on the storefront

The ACSD-69325 patch fixes the issue where changing a product SKU to use lowercase characters causes the product to be displayed as out of stock on the storefront. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.76 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-69325. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

When the SKU is modified to include lowercase letters, the product incorrectly appears as out of stock on the storefront.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Log in to the Admin panel.
1. Create an additional website, store, and store view by navigating to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL All Stores]**.
1. Create a sales channel for the new website by navigating to **[!UICONTROL Channels]** > **[!UICONTROL Sales Channels]**.
1. Create a product assigned to the new website with SKU = 'RF-42R-80X100-CL', and assign it to the sales channel.
1. Run the indexers by executing `php bin/magento indexer:reindex` and ensure scheduled tasks (cron) are running.
1. Open the product page on the storefront.
1. Verify that product is *In Stock*.
1. Update the SKU to `RF-42R-80x100-CL` (using a lowercase **x**).
1. Run the indexers by executing `php bin/magento indexer:reindex` and ensure scheduled tasks (cron) are running.
1. Open the product page on the storefront.
1. Verify the product stock status.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The product remains *In Stock* on the storefront.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The product is displayed as *Out of Stock* on the storefront.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
