---
title: 'ACSD-69261: Single‑use cart coupon reused due to incorrect times_used handling in partial invoice and cancellation flows'
description: Apply the ACSD-69261 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where a cart price rule coupon configured for single use per customer is being reused multiple times due to incorrect handling of the 'times_used' attribute in partial invoice and the remaining quantity being canceled scenarios.
feature: Checkout
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-69261: Single‑use cart coupon reused due to incorrect times_used handling in partial invoice and cancellation flows

The ACSD-69261 patch fixes the issue where a cart price rule coupon configured for single use per customer was reused multiple times due to incorrect handling of the `times_used` attribute in partial invoice and remaining quantity cancellation scenarios. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.76 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-69261. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6-p13

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

A cart price rule coupon configured for single use per customer can be incorrectly reused multiple times due to improper handling of the `times_used` attribute during partial invoice creation and cancellation of the remaining uninvoiced quantity.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a cart price rule with a coupon limited to one use per customer. 
1. Place an order containing two items.
1. Increase the quantity of one item to two or more units and apply the coupon.
1. Confirm that the following database tables have entries:
    1. The order stores the coupon correctly in `sales_order` table.
    1. The `salesrule_coupon_usage` table shows `times_used` = 1.
    1. The `salesrule_customer` table shows `times_used` = 1.
1. Create a partial invoice by invoicing only one unit of the item.
1. Cancel the remaining uninvoiced quantity.
1. Check the `times_used` field values in the `salesrule_coupon_usage` and `salesrule_customer` tables.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The system decrements the `times_used` value only after cancelling uninvoiced quantities following a partial invoice, allowing the coupon to be used again when it is configured for single‑use per customer.

<u>Actual results</u>:

After cancellation, the `times_used` values are reset to zero instead of retaining their correct usage count.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.