---
title: 'ACSD-69115: Shopping cart errors not displayed to admin users for customers assigned to non‑default websites'
description: Apply the ACSD-69115 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where shopping cart error messages don’t display to the admin user while managing a customer’s cart on a non-default website.
feature: Checkout
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-69115: Shopping cart errors not displayed to admin users for customers assigned to non‑default websites

The ACSD-69115 patch fixes the issue where shopping cart error messages don’t display to the admin user while managing a customer’s cart on a non-default website. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.76 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-69115. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where shopping cart error messages weren’t visible to the admin user when managing a customer’s shopping cart on a non-default website.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Log in to the Admin panel.
1. Update the configuration with the following values:
    1. Set **[!UICONTROL Share Customer Accounts]** to *Per Website*.
    1. Set **[!UICONTROL Catalog Price Scope]** to *Website*.
    1. **[!UICONTROL Set all indexers]** to *On schedule*.
1. Update the website structure as follows:
    1. `base` / `main_website_store` / `default` (set this as the default website).
    1. `website_2` / `website_2` / `website 2`.
1. Create a new customer from the Admin panel and associate the customer with **[!UICONTROL Website]** = *website_2*.
1. Create the following configurable products:
    1. `conf_0`:
        1. Set the configurable attribute **[!UICONTROL color]** = *red*.
        1. In **[!UICONTROL Product in Websites]**, assign the product to *default* and *website_2*.
    1. `conf_1`:
        1. Set the configurable attribute **[!UICONTROL color]** = *red*.
        1. In **[!UICONTROL Product in Websites]**, assign the product to *website_2*.
1. Run the scheduled cron jobs.
1. Edit the `website_2` customer and open **[!UICONTROL Manage Shopping Cart]**.
1. Confirm that the **[!UICONTROL website]** is set to *website_2* by default.
1. Expand **[!UICONTROL Add to Shopping Cart]** by SKU and add both products:
    1. `conf_0`, `qty 1`
    1. `conf_1`, `qty 1`
1. Click *[!UICONTROL Add Selections to Cart]**. Also, try adding the products separately; the system doesn’t allow adding the global `conf_0` and the website‑specific `conf_1` together.

<u>Expected results</u>:

You can add products through **[!UICONTROL Manage Shopping Cart]** on a non-default website scope (`website_2`), with additional configuration displayed.

<u>Actual results</u>:

It isn't possible to add products through **[!UICONTROL Manage Shopping Cart]** while on a non-default scope (`website_2`); configuration messages are not visible.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
