---
title: 'ACSD-69308: Catalog price rules did not apply when `special_price` was set only at the website level (not at "All Store Views"). After the fix, catalog price rules apply correctly by checking the website's default store first'
description: Apply the ACSD-69308 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the catalog price rules did not apply when `special_price` was set only at the website level (not at "All Store Views").
After the fix, catalog price rules now apply correctly when `special_price` is set at the website level by checking the website's default store first.
feature: Price Rules
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-69308: Catalog price rules did not apply when `special_price` was set only at the website level (not at "All Store Views"). After the fix, catalog price rules apply correctly by checking the website's default store first

The ACSD-69308 patch fixes the issue where catalog price rules did not apply when `special_price` was set only at the website level (not at "All Store Views"). After the fix, catalog price rules apply correctly by checking the website's default store first. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.76 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-69308. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where catalog price rules did not apply when `special_price` was set only at the website level (not at "All Store Views"). After the fix, catalog price rules apply correctly by checking the website's default store first.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Log in to Admin Panel.
1. Create custom Website, Store and Store view (web2).
1. Set "Catalog Price Scope" to "Website".
1. Set "Use for Promo Rule Conditions" to "Yes" in "special_price" attribute.
1. Create the following rule.

```
Website: web2
Conditions:
Special Price  greater than  15
Special Price  less than  50
Actions:
Apply: Apply as percentage of original
Discount Amount: 100
```

1. Create two products assigned to web2 store view only.
Product 01:

```
Set Advanced Pricing:
All Store View Scope: 30.00
web2 scope: 40.00
```

Product 02:

```
Set Advanced Pricing:
All Store View Scope: keep empty
web2 scope: 40.00
```

1. Reindex, and load each product from the Storefront under the web2 store view.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The catalog rule is created for web2 store view. Product 02 should also have a price of 0.00, because the catalog rule condition matches the special price assigned to web2.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Product 01:
Price shows as 0.00, which is expected as the catalog rule condition.
Product 02:
Price shows as 40.00, which is **NOT** expected as the catalog rule condition.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.