---
title: 'ACSD-69129: [!DNL REST] API tier price update fails after deleting the default base website and using the secondary website as default'
description: Apply the ACSD-69129 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where deleting the default base website and using the secondary website as the default website resulted in an error when attempting to update the tier price for the secondary website via [!DNL REST] API.
feature: REST
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-69129: [!DNL REST] API tier price update fails after deleting the default base website and using the secondary website as default

The ACSD-69129 patch fixes the issue where deleting the default base website and using the secondary website as the default resulted in an error when attempting to update the tier price for the secondary website via [!DNL REST] API. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.76 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-69129. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6-p13, 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.5 - 2.4.6-p13, 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Deleting the default base website and using the secondary website as the default, results in an error when attempting to update the tier price for the secondary website via [!DNL REST] API.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Log in to [!UICONTROL Admin] panel.
1. Set **[!UICONTROL Catalog Price Scope]** = *Website*.
1. Create a new website/store/storeview.
1. Set *Set as default* for the newly created website.
1. Clear the cache.
1. Create a new product. Assign it only to the second website.
1. Send a [!DNL REST] API request to set the tier price for second website.
1. The result should be an empty array with a *200* response.
1. In the [!UICONTROL Admin], delete *Main Website*.
1. Send a [!DNL REST] API request to set the tier price for the second website.

<u>Expected results</u>:

A *200* response is received.
The tier price for the product is updated.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The *Invalid attribute Website ID = %websiteId. Row ID: SKU = %SKU, Website ID: %websiteId, Customer Group: %customerGroup, Quantity: %qty.* error is returned in the response.
The tier price for the product isn't updated.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

* [Catalog Management: Price Scope](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/catalog/products/pricing/catalog-price-scope) in the Adobe Commerce Catalog Management Guide

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
