---
title: 'ACSD-69333: SKU changes allowed for products with an active Scheduled Update'
description: Apply the ACSD-69333 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where after the fix, SKU changes are prohibited during active scheduled updates. Product saving fails with an error, and the product SKU field is disabled for editing in Admin panel. This prevents MSI Inventory inconsistencies caused by SKU changes during staging rollbacks.
feature: Inventory, Catalog Management, Products
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-69333: SKU changes were allowed for products with an active Scheduled Update

The ACSD-69333 patch fixes the issue where SKU changes were allowed for products with an active Scheduled Update. After the fix, SKU changes are prohibited during active scheduled updates. Product saving fails with an error, and the product SKU field is disabled for editing in the [!UICONTROL Admin] panel. This prevents MSI Inventory inconsistencies caused by SKU changes during staging rollbacks. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.76 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-69333. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p6

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

SKU changes were allowed for products with an active Scheduled Update. After the fix, SKU changes are prohibited during active scheduled updates. Product saving fails with an error, and the product SKU field is disabled for editing in the [!UICONTROL Admin] panel. This prevents MSI Inventory inconsistencies caused by SKU changes during staging rollbacks.

<u>Prerequisites</u>:

Inventory modules are installed and enabled.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Log in to the [!UICONTROL Admin] panel.
1. Create a new source, and a new stock.
1. Create a simple product. (For example: SKU = *SP1*)
1. Create a staging update. (For example: change the name.)
1. While the staging update is active, change the product SKU = *SP11*.
1. Verify the `inventory_source_item` table. Another record is created with the new SKU = *SP11*.
1. Place an order that includes all available quantities to make the product **Out Of Stock**.
1. Create the invoice and shipment, and verify the `inventory_source_item` table.
1. Check that the SKU changes back to *SP1* and the stock availability is **In Stock**.
1. Go to the Storefront and verify the product stock status.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The product stock status doesn't change.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The stock quantity is updated, and the product is moved to **In Stock**.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
