---
title: 'ACSD-69319: Bundle product prices were not indexed properly when child products had stock under custom sources'
description: Apply the ACSD-69319 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where bundle product prices were not indexed properly when child products had stock under custom sources.
feature: Inventory, Catalog Management, Products
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-69319: Bundle prices were not indexed properly when child products had stock under custom sources

The ACSD-69319 patch fixes an issue where bundle product prices were not indexed correctly when child products had stock under custom sources. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.76 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-69319. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where bundle product prices were not indexed properly when child products had stock under custom sources.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Log in to the Admin panel.
1. Create an additional website, store, and store view.
1. Create an additional stock and source.
1. Assign the default stock and source to the default website.
1. Assign the second stock and source to the second website.
1. Create a new category.
1. Create two single products.
1. Assign them to the second website only.
1. Assign stock to these products only from the second source.
1. Assign these products to the new category.
1. Create a bundle product that contains these products, and assign it to the second website and the new category.
1. Do a reindex.
1. Open the new category page on the [!DNL Storefront].
1. Observe the sorting order and facets on the product listing page.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Sorting takes into account the prices of the simple products included in the bundle product.
Facets take into account the prices of the simple products included in the bundle product.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Bundle products that use only non-default sources are treated as having a price of 0 during sorting and faceting.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
