---
title: 'ACSD-67370: Incorrect prices were shown for Bundle products on PDP/PLP and the cart page for multi-currency stores'
description: Apply the ACSD-67370 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce multiple issues where incorrect prices were shown for Bundle products on PDP/PLP and the cart page for multi-currency stores.
feature: Catalog Management, Shopping Cart, Products
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-67370: Incorrect prices were shown for Bundle products on PDP/PLP and the cart page for multi-currency stores

The ACSD-67370 patch fixes the multiple issues where incorrect prices were shown for Bundle products on Product Details Page (PDP)/Product Listing Page (PLP) and the cart page for multi-currency stores. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.76 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67370. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Incorrect prices are displayed for Bundle products on PDP/PLP and the shopping cart page for multi-currency stores.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Log in to the Admin panel.
1. Navigate to **[!UICONTROL Catalog]** > **[!UICONTROL Products]** > **[!UICONTROL Add Product]**.
1. Create a simple product with SKU "bundle-simple":
    * Set the price to $85.11.
    * Assign a quantity of at least 20.
    * Assign a weight.
    * Assign the product to the default category.
    * Save the product.
1. Navigate to **[!UICONTROL Catalog]** > **[!UICONTROL Products]** > **[!UICONTROL Add Product]**.
1. Select **[!UICONTROL Bundle Product]** from the product type drop-down list.
1. Create a bundle product with SKU *bundle1*:
    * Assign the product to a new category named *cat1*.
    * Add the simple product as a bundle option:
        * Scroll down to **[!UICONTROL Bundle Items]** and click **[!UICONTROL Add Option]**.
        * Name the option (e.g., "opt1") and click **[!UICONTROL Add Products to Option]**.
        * Select "bundle-simple" and click **[!UICONTROL Add Selected Products]**.
        * Set the default quantity to 8.
    * Save the bundle product.
1. Add an additional allowed currency:
    * Navigate to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL General]** > **[!UICONTROL Currency Setup]**.
    * Select both USD and British Pound (GBP).
    * Save the configuration.
1. Set the currency conversion rate for USD to GBP:
    * Navigate to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Currency]** > **[!UICONTROL Currency Rates]**.
    * Enter 0.75 under GBP and click **[!UICONTROL Save Currency Rates]**.
1. Clear the cache.
1. Reindex.
1. Open the storefront.
1. Add the bundle product to the cart.
1. Compare the bundle product prices on the PDP, mini-cart, and shopping cart.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Product prices should be the same (510.64) on the PDP, PLP (category page), Shopping Cart, and Mini-Cart.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The product price differs between pages:

* Product Details Page / Product Listing Page = 510.66
* Shopping Cart / Mini-Cart = 510.64

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
