---
title: 'ACP2E-4601: Re-saving a payment authorization transaction self-reference parent_id and trigger an infinite loop/OOM'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4601 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where resaving an authorization payment transaction created without a parent_txn_id does not complete successfully.
feature: Payments, Orders
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: c1256247-af4b-46d8-9dca-0c654ecfa157
    internal-label: Order Management System
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
  - id: ff6a42d2-313e-452e-93a6-792e4fad9ff8
    internal-label: Developer
level_v2:
  - id: b5a62a22-46f7-4f0d-b151-3fc640bef588
    internal-label: Intermediate
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
industry_v2:
  - id: aad1e361-483a-40cf-9a88-144325515074
    internal-label: Retail
---

# ACP2E-4601: Re-saving a payment authorization transaction self-reference `parent_id` and trigger an infinite loop/OOM

The ACP2E-4601 patch fixes the issue where payment transaction processing behaves inefficiently when resaving authorization transactions without a `parent_txn_id`. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.79 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4601. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Payment transaction processing behaves inefficiently when resaving authorization transactions created without a `parent_txn_id`.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Set up an online payment method.
1. Place an order that creates an authorization payment transaction without a `parent_txn_id`.
1. Resave the authorization transaction.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Payment transaction processing completes successfully.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Resaving the authorization transaction fails.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
