---
title: "ACP2E-4706: [!UICONTROL Target Rule] indexer cron doesn't pick products enabled only at store view scope"
description: Apply the ACP2E-4706 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the **[!UICONTROL Target Rule]** indexer skips products that are enabled only at a store view scope and not at the Admin scope, preventing them from appearing in [!UICONTROL Related Product Rule] results.
feature: Promotions/Events
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
autotag-review: '2026-06-04T20:07:57.997Z'
TQID: 'https://experienceleague.adobe.com/G9qv6xo84jsCQbGpVCSteQsJ756NyU2Tpg1FTk1uu5c'
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: bd989d82-1e15-4534-88db-f1f51dd77ffa
    internal-label: Accounts
  - id: d1e21356-0064-4f48-9089-16e3f0dbd2a6
    internal-label: Storefront
  - id: dac87252-6066-4d6e-a9d2-f6d84c323de7
    internal-label: Configuration
  - id: e7dae43f-215c-4cdf-90d3-c5a461a6e669
    internal-label: Admin tools and workspace
subfeature_v2:
  - id: ae62cf09-5996-4921-bda8-fbe67b62e470
    internal-label: Storefront configuration
  - id: d9ced453-36f4-4eb5-b2f3-1d593e32476b
    internal-label: Account management
  - id: bb2df8be-afdd-4818-b6b5-95ca1dd3bc3a
    internal-label: Admin workspace
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
  - id: ff6a42d2-313e-452e-93a6-792e4fad9ff8
    internal-label: Developer
level_v2:
  - id: b5a62a22-46f7-4f0d-b151-3fc640bef588
    internal-label: Intermediate
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
industry_v2:
  - id: aad1e361-483a-40cf-9a88-144325515074
    internal-label: Retail
---

# ACP2E-4706: [!UICONTROL Target Rule] indexer cron doesn't pick products enabled only at store view scope

The ACP2E-4706 patch fixes the issue where the **[!UICONTROL Target Rule]** indexer cron doesn't pick products that are enabled only at a store view scope, causing products not enabled in the Adobe Commerce Admin scope to be skipped. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.79 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4706. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.5 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The **[!UICONTROL Target Rule]** indexer cron doesn't pick products that are enabled only at a store view scope, causing products not enabled in the Adobe Commerce Admin scope to be skipped by the indexer.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a simple **[!UICONTROL Related Product Rule]**.
1. Create a product that is disabled at the Admin (global) scope but matches the rule conditions. (the rule can be kept simple by not adding any conditions under **[!UICONTROL Products to Match]** or **[!UICONTROL Products to Display]**).
1. Run the cron to execute the indexer backlog.
1. Edit the product and switch to the **[!UICONTROL Default Store View]** scope.
1. Enable the product **only** at the **[!UICONTROL Default Store View]** scope.
1. Run the cron to execute the indexer backlog.
1. Check the Storefront on a different product for the Related Products section, or query the `magento_targetrule_product` table to verify that the newly created product ID exists.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The product should be added to the **[!UICONTROL Related Product Rule]** (`magento_targetrule_product` table) by the indexer cron when created as disabled, and enabled only at the store view scope.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The indexer cron does not pick the product and add it to the **[!UICONTROL Related Product Rule]** (`magento_targetrule_product` table).
The product is added to the backlog of the `targetrule_product_rule_cl` table, but the indexer skips it during processing because it is enabled only at the store view scope.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
