---
title: 'ACP2E-4411: Bundle product prices show incorrect tax and currency values between the Product Detail Page and cart in a multi-currency setup'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4411 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the conversion of bundle product dynamic price excluding tax calculation for quote item works correctly.
feature: Taxes, Currency
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
autotag-review: '2026-05-27T12:34:59.548Z'
TQID: 'https://experienceleague.adobe.com/fm3bUJU6X9NHAmSb6aloli-pSg-oxz995sWUjFnM4lU'
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: c18ed297-2187-4aec-affb-9d9654eca6fc
    internal-label: Catalog management
  - id: d1e21356-0064-4f48-9089-16e3f0dbd2a6
    internal-label: Storefront
  - id: dac87252-6066-4d6e-a9d2-f6d84c323de7
    internal-label: Configuration
subfeature_v2:
  - id: e91a50b1-0b31-436e-9033-00e4776e94cb
    internal-label: Categories
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
  - id: f8a45b24-4be7-4f1b-909b-60d06b483a20
    internal-label: Leader
  - id: ff6a42d2-313e-452e-93a6-792e4fad9ff8
    internal-label: Developer
level_v2:
  - id: b5a62a22-46f7-4f0d-b151-3fc640bef588
    internal-label: Intermediate
topic_v2:
  - id: bce87dde-a4ab-44c9-8a18-ad66e4ddb377
    internal-label: Customer experience
industry_v2:
  - id: aad1e361-483a-40cf-9a88-144325515074
    internal-label: Retail
---

# ACP2E-4411: Bundle product prices show incorrect tax and currency values between the Product Detail Page and cart in a multi-currency setup

The ACP2E-4411 patch fixes the issue where the incorrect price is displayed for a dynamic-price bundle product on the cart page and in the mini-cart for multiple-currency stores. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.79 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4411. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The incorrect price is displayed for a dynamic-price bundle product on the cart page and in the mini-cart for multiple-currency stores.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. In **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL General]** > **[!UICONTROL Currency Setup]**, set the secondary allowed currency = *GBP*.
1. In **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Currency]** > **[!UICONTROL Currency Rates]**, set the currency conversion rate for USD to GBP = *0.74* and **[!UICONTROL Save]**.
1. Clear the cache and run reindex.
1. Configure the tax rate = *20%* and create a corresponding tax rule that applies to the test product.
1. In **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL Sales]** > **[!UICONTROL Tax]**, configure storefront display so that:
    * **[!UICONTROL Display Product Prices in Catalog]** = *Including and Excluding Tax*
    * **[!UICONTROL Shopping Cart Display Settings]** > **[!UICONTROL Display Prices]** = *Including and Excluding Tax*
1. Create a simple product with:
    * price = *40.25*
    * Qty large enough to be saleable
    * Weight populated
    * **[!UICONTROL Tax class]** = *taxable*
1. Create a bundle product with:
    * **[!UICONTROL Dynamic Price]** = *Yes*
    * One required bundle option
    * The simple product assigned to that option
    * **[!UICONTROL default quantity]** = *8*
1. Open the bundle product's Product Detail Page (PDP) (GBP view), and observe the prices.
1. Add the bundle product to the cart, view the cart page, and observe both the excluding-tax and including-tax price values.
1. Open the mini-cart and the shopping cart page.
1. Compare the displayed GBP prices in the shopping cart, the mini-cart, and on the PDP.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The bundle product price should be the same across the Product Detail Page (PDP), the mini-cart, and in shopping cart for both the excluding-tax and including-tax price values in the GBP currency.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The bundle product price differs between the PDP, the mini-cart, and the shopping cart in the non-default (*GBP* in this example) currency.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
