# February 2025 Adobe Commerce 2.4.8-beta2 highlights

## Highlights in v2.4.8-beta2

This release of Adobe Commerce includes several critical security fixes and platform improvements.

### Security

The following security enhancements in this release improve compliance with the latest security best practices:

>[!NOTE]
>
>For the latest information about the security bug fixes, see [Adobe Security Bulletin APSB24-73](https://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/magento/apsb24-73.html).

<table style="table-layout:auto">
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Settings</strong></td>
            <td>This release includes the following enhancements to security settings:
              <ul>
                <li><strong>Duo Security 2FA</strong>: This change updates the <a href="https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/systems/security/2fa/security-two-factor-authentication-use#duo-security">Duo Security</a> two-factor authentication (2FA) implementation in Adobe Commerce to use the latest SDK (Web SDK v4). This upgrade enables merchants to transition seamlessly to using Duo Universal Prompt. Merchants must update their configuration in the Admin settings to include a Client ID and Secret.<!-- AC-10982 --></li>
                <li><strong>Encryption keys</strong>: <!-- AC-12679 -->The feature for managing  encryption keys has been redesigned to improve usability and eliminate previous limitations and bugs. New CLI commands are now available for <a href="https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/systems/security/encryption-key">changing</a> keys and <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/development/security/data-encryption/">re-encrypting</a> certain system configuration, payment, and custom field data. Changing keys in the Admin UI is no longer supported in this release. You must use the CLI commands.</li>
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

### Platform

The following platform upgrades for this release ensure that Adobe Commerce remains a robust and reliable platform, ready to meet the demands of modern commerce environments:

<table style="table-layout:auto">
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Database</strong></td>
            <td>This release includes the following database enhancements:
            <ul>
              <li><strong>MySQL</strong>: The system now defaults to using <code>utf8mb4</code> collation for MySQL, ensuring compatibility with MySQL 8 and future-proofing against the deprecation of <code>utf8mb3</code>. Previously, the system defaulted to using <code>utf8mb3</code> collation, which is deprecated in MySQL 8.<!-- AC-8828 --></li>
            </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>PHP</strong></td>
            <td>This release includes the following PHP enhancements:
            <ul>
              <li><strong>PHP 8.4</strong>: This release adds PHP 8.4 compatibility for Adobe Commerce, bundled extensions, and Adobe-owned extensions, services, and tools. PHP 8.3 is still supported. PHP 8.2 is still compatible, but only for upgrade purposes. PHP 8.4 compatibility required <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/development/backward-incompatible-changes/highlights/">breaking changes</a>.<!-- AC-12133,AC-13078,AC-13726,AC-13077 --></li>
              <li><strong>PHP 8.1</strong>: This release removes PHP 8.1 from all Adobe Commerce project libraries, dependencies, bundled extensions, and Adobe-owned extensions, services, and tools.<!-- AC-13038 --></li>
            </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Components</strong></td>
            <td>The following third-party <a href="/help/release/packages/adobe-commerce.md">components and dependencies</a> were updated to the latest stable versions to enhance platform stability and performance:
              <ul>
                <li>Composer 2.8.x<!-- AC-12028 --></li>
                <li>glob 11.0.0<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>grunt-contrib-connect 5.0.0<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>grunt-eslint 25.0.0<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>imagemin-svgo 11.0.1<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>jquery/bootstrap 5.3.3<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>jquery/jstree 3.3.17<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>jquery.tabs.js 5.3.2<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>js-cookie/js-cookie 3.0.5<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>nginx 1.26<!-- AC-12012 --></li>
                <li>phpunit/phpunit 10.x<!-- AC-12970 --></li>
                <li>serve-static 1.16.2<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>TinyMCE 6.8.5<!-- AC-13256 --></li>
                <li>underscore 1.13.7<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>Uppy 4.4.0<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>Varnish 7.6.x<!-- AC-12029 --></li>
              </ul>
            The following components were removed:
            <ul>
              <li>TinyMCE 5<!-- AC-12944 --></li>
            </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

### Performance

This release includes the following performance enhancements:

<table style="table-layout:auto">
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Product prices</strong></td>
            <td><!-- AC-13448 -->The system now allows for more efficient bulk updates of tier prices without causing performance issues or site unresponsiveness when using the <a kref="https://adobe-commerce.redoc.ly/2.4.7-admin/tag/productstier-prices/"><code>/V1/products/tier-prices</code></a> REST API endpoint. Previously, updating a large number of prices using this endpoint could result in performance issues and site unresponsiveness.</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

### Braintree

This release includes the following Braintree bundled extension enhancements:

<table style="table-layout:auto">
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Package tracking</strong></td>
            <td><!-- BUNDLE-3420 -->When a PayPal order is shipped, the Braintree extension now sends the carrier and tracking number to both the merchant's and the customer's PayPal accounts. Providing tracking information and item-level details greatly improves the customer experience while reducing operational costs for merchants. Customers can easily log into their PayPal account, view the order, and access the tracking link. Merchants benefit from automatic resolution of "Item Not Received" PayPal disputes, quicker access to funds in payment and dispute holds, live tracking updates, item-level disputes (rather than disputes for the entire order), and enhanced merchant risk profiles.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Line items</strong></td>
            <td>This release includes the following enhancements to line items:
            <ul>
              <li><strong>Apply Pay</strong><!-- BUNDLE-3409 -->: When customers checkout using Apple Pay Express, the Braintree extension now shows the cart line items within the Apple Pay modal. By clicking the tooltip (?) next to the price, customers can view individual cart items, discounts, shipping, and tax details, removing the need to exit the modal to confirm their items.</li>
              <li><strong>Google Pay</strong><!-- BUNDLE-3408 -->: When customers checkout using Google Pay Express, the Braintree extension now displays the cart line items directly within the Google Pay modal. By clicking the tooltip (?) next to the price, the customer can view individual cart items, discounts, shipping, and tax details, eliminating the need to exit the modal to verify their items.</li>
            </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>General enhancements</strong></td>
            <td>This release includes the following general enhancements to the Braintree extension:
            <ul>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3407 -->There is now a new version of the Braintree SDK. The PHP SDK version is 6.21.0. The JavaScript SDK version is 3.112.0. The latest version has some required changes for future compatibility with new features and functionality.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3406 -->General code optimization within the Braintree extension.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3405 -->To determine the page where a customer initiates the PayPal checkout experience (PDP, cart, or checkout), the Braintree extension now passes a <code>data-page-type</code> attribute to the JavaScript SDK. This attribute is used to render the button on the page.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3404 -->Following the new PayPal brand guidelines, the Braintree extension now positions the PayLater messaging on the PDP, mini-cart, and cart. The messaging now sits closer/alongside the price/totals. The extension now also displays the PayLater messaging as part of the checkout button, rather than separately.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3403 -->To enhance the express payment experience, the Braintree extension integrates shipping methods directly into the Google Pay modal, enabling customers to complete their checkout with fewer clicks. Shipping options are automatically displayed and calculated based on the address saved in the customer's Google Pay account. Previously, customers would be redirected to a review page to select a shipping method before completing their payment. Now, the review page is optional, giving the merchant flexibility to enable/disable this step in the checkout process. The Google Pay Express buttons are located on the mini-cart, cart and top of the checkout.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3402 -->Updated the current Apple Pay mark to the latest version.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3401 -->Updated the current Google Pay mark to the latest version.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3400 -->Removed Sofort and Giropay payment methods as they are no longer supported.</li>
            </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>
