---
title: 'AC-15210: Migrating the USPS Integration from the Web Tools APIs to the new RESTful USPS APIs'
description: Apply the AC-15210 patch to transition the existing USPS Web Tools APIs integration in Adobe Commerce to the newly introduced USPS REST APIs.
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# AC-15210: Migrating the USPS Integration from the Web Tools APIs to the new RESTful USPS APIs

The AC-15210 patch transitions the existing United States Postal Service (USPS) Web Tools APIs integration in Adobe Commerce to the newly introduced USPS REST APIs. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.70 is installed. The patch ID is AC-15210.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source (all deployment methods) 2.4.6-p3 - 2.4.8

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Adobe Commerce is currently using [Web Tools APIs](https://www.usps.com/business/web-tools-apis/#developers) to integrate with USPS shipping capabilities.

USPS will retire its legacy Web Tools APIs on January 25, 2026. These APIs currently support services such as address hygiene, package tracking, proof of delivery, pickup scheduling, customs forms, rate checking, service standards, postal facility information, and parcel locker locations.

Adobe Commerce versions 2.4.6, 2.4.7, and 2.4.8 use USPS Web Tools APIs for out-of-the-box shipping integration. After the retirement date, these integrations will stop working unless migrated to the new USPS REST APIs.

## Solution

To continue using USPS integration beyond January 2026, Adobe Commerce customers on versions 2.4.6, 2.4.7, and 2.4.8 are required to install the AC-15210 patch.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

After applying the patch, update the Commerce USPS Shipping Carrier configuration to integrate with the new USPS APIs. For instructions, see the [USPS Web Tools deprecation](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/stores-sales/delivery/shipping-carriers/carriers#usps-web-tools-api-deprecation) topic in the *Stores and Purchases Experience  Guide*.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
