---
title: 'ACSD-67030: Simple products are unassigned when a configurable product is edited by a limited role admin'
description: Apply the ACSD-67030 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the simple products are unassigned when a configurable product is edited by a limited role admin.
feature: Admin Workspace, Catalog Management
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-67030: Simple products are unassigned when a configurable product is edited by a limited role admin

The ACSD-67030 patch fixes the issue where the simple products are unassigned when a configurable product is edited by a limited role admin. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.70 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67030. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.


## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p5

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Simple products get unassigned when a configurable product is edited by a limited role admin.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create secondary website/store/storeview
1. Create a restricted admin role that limits access to only Catalog items on the secondary store. Then, create an admin user with this role.
1. Create a configurable product with two configurations.
1. Assign the configurable product to all websites.
1. Assign the first configuration of the configurable product to all websites.
1. Assign the second configuration of the configurable product to base website only (not accessible by restricted admin).
1. Login as an admin with restricted access.
1. Open the configurable product and click Save button without making any changes to the product.
1. Login as the admin with full access and open the configurable product.
1. Observe the Configurations section of the product.


<u>Expected results</u>:

Two configurations should be present on the grid.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Only the first configuration is present in the grid.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
