---
title: 'ACSD-67289: Regular price fails to display when special price is applied'
description: Apply the ACSD-67289 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the regular price fails to display when a special price is applied.
feature: Promotions/Events, Products
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---
# ACSD-67289: Regular price fails to display when special price is applied

The ACSD-67289 patch fixes the issue where the regular price fails to display when special price is applied. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.70 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67289. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The regular price doesn't display when a special price applies.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a secondary store and store view.
1. Create a simple product.
1. Edit the product.
1. Click **[!UICONTROL Advanced Pricing]** under the **[!UICONTROL Price]** field.
1. Set **[!UICONTROL Special Price]** lower than regular price.
1. Save the product.
1. View the product on category pages or product listing pages.
1. Observe the price display.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Both prices should be visible to indicate the discount to customers in the second store.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Only the special price is visible.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
