---
title: 'ACSD-66157: Special price doesn't take effect for websites created in different time zones'
description: Apply the ACSD-66157 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where special price is not taking into effect with websites created with different timezones.
feature: Products
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-66157: Special price doesn't take effect for websites created in different time zones

The ACSD-66157 patch fixes the issue where the special price doesn't take effect for websites created in different time zones. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.70 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-66157. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.5-p13, 2.4.7-p6

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.5 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where the special price doesn't take effect for websites created in different time zones.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create secondary website
1. Set time zones for Default Config scope to be UTC
1. Set time zones for secondary website scope to be Europe/Rome
1. Create product with special price using the REST API and make sure the product is in stock
1. Open the product from the frontend

<u>Expected results</u>:

Product special price should be present on frontend

<u>Actual results</u>:

Product special price is not shown on frontend

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.