---
title: 'ACSD-63687: Incorrect prices are displayed due to [!DNL Redis] cache cleanup issues'
description: Apply the ACSD-63687 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where [!DNL Redis] cache garbage collection race conditions cause incorrect pricing.
feature: Cache
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-63687: Incorrect prices are displayed due to [!DNL Redis] cache cleanup issues

The ACSD-63687 patch fixes the issue where incorrect prices display when the [!DNL Redis] cache garbage collector runs without LUA mode, causing race conditions. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.77 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-63687. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.5-p9

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.5 - 2.4.6-p13

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

An issue where incorrect prices display because [!DNL Redis] cache cleanup fails.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Configure [!DNL Redis] for the Adobe Commerce environment.
1. Create multiple product categories in the storefront.
1. Create a script that sends recurring requests to a category page. Use a JMeter script or an equivalent load‑testing tool.
1. While the script sends requests to the category page, perform a block_html cache clean and run the `backend_clean_cache` cron job multiple times.
1. Execute the provided script to identify [!DNL Redis] cache key records that don’t exist in the MAGE cache set. Update the [!DNL Redis] port and MAGE cache tag prefix to match the local project configuration.

```
#!/bin/bash

REDIS_PORT=6379
REDIS_DB=0
SET_NAME="zc:ti:af6_MAGE"

redis-cli -p $REDIS_PORT -n $REDIS_DB keys "zc:k:*" | while read KEY; do
  STRIPPED_KEY=${KEY#"zc:k:"}
  EXISTS=$(redis-cli -p $REDIS_PORT -n $REDIS_DB sismember "$SET_NAME" "$STRIPPED_KEY")

  if [ "$EXISTS" -eq 0 ]; then
    TIMESTAMP=$(redis-cli -p $REDIS_PORT -n $REDIS_DB hget "$KEY" "m")

    if [ -n "$TIMESTAMP" ]; then
      FORMATTED_TIME=$(date -r "$TIMESTAMP" +"%y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S")
      echo "$KEY - m: $FORMATTED_TIME"
    else
      echo "$KEY - m: (null)"
    fi
  fi
done
```

<u>Expected results</u>:

[!DNL Redis] cache cleanup doesn’t create cache keys without corresponding records, and the `backend_clean_cache` cron cleans cache entries correctly.

<u>Actual results</u>:

[!DNL Redis] creates cache keys without corresponding records, so cache cleanup triggered by the `backend_clean_cache` cron doesn’t work.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
