---
title: "ACSD-69494: Async refund requests with `is_online` don't trigger online refunds"
description: Apply the ACSD-69494 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue that fixes async refund operations where refund requests with the `is_online` parameter weren't being processed correctly.
feature: REST
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-69494: Async refund requests with is_online don't trigger online refunds

The ACSD-69494 patch fixes the issue with the async refund operations where refund requests with the `is_online` parameter aren't processed correctly. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.77 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-69494. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The async refund operations where refund requests with the `is_online` parameter aren't processed correctly.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Configure PayPal.
1. Configure [!DNL RabbitMQ].
1. Create a product.
1. Checkout with PayPal.
1. Create an invoice.
1. Create a credit memo using async [!DNL REST] API.
1. Run the async queue.
1. Login to the payment gateway, and check the transaction status.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The transaction is shown as **Refunded** when an online refund is performed.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The transaction is shown as **Completed**.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
