---
title: 'ACSD-68892: Inconsistent Fastly caching behavior for cacheable pages'
description: Apply the ACSD-68892 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where cacheable pages were not properly stored or served from Fastly cache, resulting in inconsistent caching behavior and reduced performance.
feature: Cache
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68892: Inconsistent Fastly caching behavior for cacheable pages

The ACSD-68892 patch fixes the issue where cacheable pages are not properly stored or served from the Fastly cache, resulting in inconsistent caching behavior and reduced performance. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.77 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68892. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p2

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where cacheable pages are not properly stored or served from the Fastly cache, resulting in inconsistent caching behavior and reduced performance.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Enable Fastly cache
1. Create new website/store/store view
1. Add the secondary website code to the index.php

```
$_SERVER['MAGE_RUN_TYPE'] = 'website';
$_SERVER['MAGE_RUN_CODE'] = 'web2';
```

1. Check cache control header using curl

```
curl -Is https://localhost/m247/pub/ | grep cache-control
```

<u>Expected results</u>:

Cacheable pages should be cached in Fastly.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Cacheable pages are not cached in Fastly, the max-age=0 returned in the header.

```
curl -Is https://localhost/m24develop/pub/ |grep cache-control
cache-control: max-age=0, must-revalidate, no-cache, no-store
```

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.