---
title: 'ACSD-68664: Scheduled update preview has errors on custom store domains'
description: Apply the ACSD-68664 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where scheduled update preview would break when attempting to preview content for stores with custom domains. After this fix, custom store domains can be previewed as is and navigated within the preview iframe.
feature: Page Content
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68664: Scheduled update preview has errors on custom store domains

The ACSD-68664 patch fixes the issue where the scheduled update preview breaks when attempting to preview content for stores with custom domains. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.77 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68664. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6-p10

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Scheduled update preview breaks when attempting to preview content for stores with custom domains.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a second website, store, and store view.
1. Assign a different domain to each website.
1. Go to **[!UICONTROL Content]** > **[!UICONTROL Blocks]** and create a new content block.
1. Set the block scope to the newly created website only.
1. Click **[!UICONTROL Edit with Page Builder]** to edit the block.
1. Add a **[!UICONTROL Row]** component.
1. Add an **[!UICONTROL Elements]** > **[!UICONTROL HTML Code]** component inside the row.
1. Paste the following code into the HTML Code block:

```xml
<nav class=navigation-block>
  <div class=primary-nav>
    <div class=primary-nav-link>
      <a href=/ class=primary-nav-item>Home</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</nav>
```

1. Save the content block and exit the editor.
1. Add the newly created block to the Home page:
    1. Go to **[!UICONTROL Content]** > **[!UICONTROL Pages]**.
    1. Select the **[!UICONTROL Home Page]** title for editing.
    1. Expand **[!UICONTROL Content]** and click **[!UICONTROL Edit with Page Builder]**.
    1. Add a **[!UICONTROL Row]** component.
    1. Go to **[!UICONTROL Add Content]** > **[!UICONTROL Block]** to add it inside the row.
    1. Select the previously created content block.
    1. Save the Home page.
1. Create a new scheduled update for the Home page.
1. Preview the scheduled update.
1. Click the **Home** link in the custom navigation bar.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Stores with custom domains can be previewed correctly, and navigation within the preview iframe works as expected without any CORS errors in the browser console.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The scheduled update preview fails when previewing content for stores with custom domains. CORS errors are displayed in the browser console due to a redirect to a different domain. This occurs when the content block is created for a non-default website with a different domain.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
