---
title: 'ACSD-69020: Configurable products appear in [!DNL Page Builder] carousels when child products match filters'
description: Apply the ACSD-69020 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where a configurable product is automatically included in [!DNL Page Builder] product carousel listings when a child product matches the filtering criteria. The parent product is included only if the matching child product is not individually visible.
feature: Page Builder
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-69020: Configurable products appear in [!DNL Page Builder] carousels when child products match filters

The ACSD-69020 patch fixes the issue where a configurable product is automatically included in [!DNL Page Builder] product carousel listings when a child product meets the filtering conditions. The parent product is included only if the matching child product is not individually visible. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.77 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-69020. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for [[!DNL Adobe Commerce version]]:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p7

**Compatible with [[!DNL Adobe Commerce versions]]:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7 - 2.4.7-p8

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

An issue occurs where a configurable product is automatically included in [!DNL Page Builder] product carousel listings when any of its child products meet the filtering conditions. The parent product is included only if the matching child product is not individually visible.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create one content staging update for an existing product, wait until the update starts, and run cron jobs.
1. Create products using the following sequence:
    1. Create a configurable product named "testconfig", with three child products.
    1. Create three simple products named "testoption1", "testoption2", and "testoption3", with each corresponding to options 1, 2, and 3.
    1. Create a second configurable product named "testconfigtwo", with three child products.
    1. Ensure that all simple products created above have their [[!UICONTROL Visibility]] set to *Catalog*.
1. Perform reindexing or run cron jobs.
1. Swap the options for each configurable product as follows:
    1. Edit configurable product "testconfig", remove the "testconfig-option1" child product.
    1. Edit configurable product "testconfigtwo", remove the "testconfigtwo-option3" child product.
    1. Edit configurable product "testconfig", add the "testconfigtwo-option1" child product, and save.
    1. Similarly, edit the configurable product "testconfigtwo", add the "testconfig-option3" child product, and save.
1. Perform reindexing or run cron jobs.
1. Go to admin -> Content -> Pages -> Edit any page.
1. Under the [[!UICONTROL Content]] section, click [[!UICONTROL Edit with Page Builder]].
1. Add a new [[!UICONTROL Row]].
1. Add or edit content using the [[!UICONTROL Products]] options.
1. Set [[!UICONTROL Select Products By]] to [[!UICONTROL SKU]].
1. Set the [[!UICONTROL SKU]] as "testconfigtwo-option1" and save.
1. Observe that configurable products appear in the [[!UICONTROL Products]] carousel.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Only configurable products whose assigned child products are not individually visible appear in the product carousel.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Configurable products with the child product `testconfigtwo-option1` assigned appear in the product carousel.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
