---
title: 'ACSD-68341: Multiple X‑Magento‑Vary cookie updates occur on PDP load'
description: Apply the ACSD-68341 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the X-Magento-Vary cookie is set multiple times during PDP loading when multiple customer segments exist.
feature: Products
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68341: Multiple X‑Magento‑Vary cookie updates occur on PDP load

The ACSD-68341 patch fixes the issue where the X‑Magento‑Vary cookie is set multiple times during product detail page (PDP) loading when multiple customer segments exist. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.77 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68341. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6-p10

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

X-Magento-Vary cookie is set multiple times during PDP loading when multiple customer segments exist.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a product and a category.
1. Create three customer segments by navigating to **[!UICONTROL Customers]** > **[!UICONTROL Segments]** > **[!UICONTROL Add Segment]**:
    * **Segment 1**
        * **[!UICONTROL Assigned to Website]**: ALL
        * **[!UICONTROL Apply to]**: Registered Customers
    * **Segment 2**
        * **[!UICONTROL Assigned to Website]**: ALL
        * **[!UICONTROL Apply to]**: Visitors and Registered Customers
    * **Segment 3**
        * **[!UICONTROL Assigned to Website]**: ALL
        * **[!UICONTROL Apply to]**: Registered Customers
1. Create a customer account and log in.
1. Open the created product listing page (PLP) or PDP.
1. Open the browser developer tools and navigate to **[!UICONTROL Application]** > **[!UICONTROL Cookies]**. Search for `Vary`.
1. Note the `X-Magento-Vary` cookie value.
1. Reload the page and observe that the cookie value changes twice per page load on every subsequent reload.

<u>Expected results</u>:

`X-Magento-Vary` cookie value remains consistent across page reloads.

<u>Actual results</u>:

`X-Magento-Vary` cookie value changes multiple times per page load.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
