---
title: 'ACSD-69311: Incorrect tax calculation in credit memos after partial refunds from invoices'
description: Apply the ACSD-69311 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where fixes incorrect tax calculation in credit memos when creating a partial refund from an invoice after a previous credit memo was created from the order view page.
feature: Taxes
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-69311: Incorrect tax calculation in credit memos after partial refunds from invoices

The ACSD-69311 patch fixes the issue where with the incorrect tax calculation in credit memos when creating a partial refund from an invoice, if a previous credit memo was created from the order view page. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.77 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-69311. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where with the incorrect tax calculation in credit memos when creating a partial refund from an invoice, if a previous credit memo was created from the order view page.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Configure catalog prices to including taxes.
1. Configure all display prices to including taxes.
1. Create tax rate and tax rule for 10% for Australia.
1. Create 2 products with prices 100, 200.
1. Add both products to cart.
1. Checkout using free shipping and Australian address.
1. Open the order in the admin.
1. Create invoice for the order.
1. Create partial Credit Memo using the button in the order view page selecting one product.
1. Open the invoice.
1. Create Credit Memo using the button in invoice.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The tax amount should correctly reflect in the Credit Memo for the refund.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The second Credit Memo includes the full tax amount in the total for refund.
Creation fails with an error.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.