---
title: Adobe Commerce 2.4.8 release notes
description: Learn about new features, enhancements, bug fixes, and known issues in the 2.4.8 Adobe Commerce release.
exl-id: 54b8cc02-5d38-4acd-97e7-e9205e69a1af
---

# Adobe Commerce 2.4.8 release notes

{{bics}}

## Highlights

Adobe Commerce 2.4.8 brings enhanced security, compatibility with PHP 8.4 and MariaDB 11.4, extensive GraphQL API improvements to accelerate migration to a new [Adobe Commerce Storefront](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/developer/commerce/storefront/) powered by Edge Delivery, and over 500 quality fixes and enhancements to elevate existing functionality. Upgrading to 2.4.8 keeps your platform secure, aligned with the latest technological advancements, and supported until April 2028.

>[!BEGINSHADEBOX]

**Adoption recommendations**

When planning your upgrade to Adobe Commerce 2.4.8, consider your business priorities, current version, and plans to adopt the new [Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/cloud-service/overview).

* **If you plan to adopt Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service within the next 12-16 months**: Apply the latest security patch now and plan your upgrade as part of your move to Cloud Service.
 
* **If you do not plan to adopt Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service within the next 12-16 months, OR if you are planning to adopt Adobe Commerce Optimizer in that timeframe**: Your upgrade timeline depends on your current version.

  * **Versions 2.4.4, 2.4.5, or 2.4.6**: Apply the latest security patch now and start your upgrade to Adobe Commerce 2.4.8 soon, as support for 2.4.4 ends in April 2026, while support for 2.4.5 and 2.4.6 ends in August 2026. 

  * **Version 2.4.7**: Apply the latest security patch now. While we encourage you to upgrade as soon as possible to take advantage of the latest enhancements, you have flexibility to choose a time that aligns with business priorities. Your version will continue to be supported until April 2027.

>[!ENDSHADEBOX]

### Security

The following security enhancements in this release improve compliance with the latest security best practices:

>[!NOTE]
>
>For the latest information about the security bug fixes, see [Adobe Security Bulletin APSB25-26](https://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/magento/apsb25-26.html).

<table style="table-layout:auto">
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Settings</strong></td>
            <td>This release includes the following enhancements to security settings:
              <ul>
                <li><strong>Duo Security 2FA</strong>: This change updates the <a href="https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/systems/security/2fa/security-two-factor-authentication-use#duo-security">Duo Security</a> two-factor authentication (2FA) implementation in Adobe Commerce to use the latest SDK (Web SDK v4). This upgrade enables merchants to transition seamlessly to using Duo Universal Prompt. Merchants must update their configuration in the Admin settings to include a Client ID and Secret.<!-- AC-10982 --></li>
                <li><strong>Encryption keys</strong>: <!-- AC-12679 -->Redesigned managing encryption keys to improve usability and eliminate previous limitations and bugs. New CLI commands are now available for <a href="https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/systems/security/encryption-key">changing</a> keys and <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/development/security/data-encryption/">re-encrypting</a> certain system configuration, payment, and custom field data. Changing keys in the Admin UI is no longer supported in this release. You must use the CLI commands. See the <a href="https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-knowledge-base/kb/troubleshooting/known-issues-patches-attached/troubleshooting-encryption-key-rotation-cve-2024-34102">Troubleshooting Encryption Key Rotation: CVE-2024-34102</a> Knowledge Base article for details.</li>
                <li><strong>One-time password (OTP) settings</strong>: This update is required to resolve an error that was introduced by a <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/development/backward-incompatible-changes/#new-system-configuration-validation-for-two-factor-authentication-otp_window-value">backward-incompatible change</a> in 2.4.7. The description of the <strong>[!UICONTROL OTP Window]</strong> field now provides an accurate explanation of the setting and the default value has been changed from <code>1</code> to <code>29</code>.<!-- AC-11762 --></li>
              </ul>
            </td>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Subresource Integrity (SRI)</strong></td>
            <td>The <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/development/security/subresource-integrity/">SRI mechanism</a> introduced in 2.4.7 has been refactored to improve reliability and performance. Instead of storing hashes in a custom cache that could be cleared during cache flush operations, SRI hashes are now stored directly in the <code>pub/static</code> directory and organized by area (<code>adminhtml</code>, <code>base</code>, <code>frontend</code>). This change eliminates the need to redeploy static content after cache flushes.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>[!UICONTROL Data Collector]</strong>
            <td>The [!UICONTROL System] > [!UICONTROL Support] > [!UICONTROL Data Collector] support tool has been removed to prevent unauthorized access and enhance platform security.</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

### Platform

The following platform upgrades for this release ensure that Adobe Commerce remains a robust and reliable platform, ready to meet the demands of modern commerce environments:

<table style="table-layout:auto">
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Cache</strong></td>
            <td>This release includes support for Valkey 8.x.<!-- AC-12027 --></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Database</strong></td>
            <td>In alignment with our <a href="/help/release/lifecycle-policy.md">support lifecycle policy</a>, Adobe Commerce is now compatible with the following long-term support (LTS) versions of the following database technologies:
              <ul>
                <li><strong>MariaDB 11.4 LTS</strong> <em>_(supported until 2029)_</em>: The previous version (MariaDB 10.6) reaches end-of-life in 2026, making this upgrade essential for maintaining system integrity and performance. MariaDB 10.6 is still supported, but Adobe recommends upgrading to MariaDB 11.4 when upgrading to Adobe Commerce 2.4.8.</li>
                <li><strong>MySQL 8.4 LTS</strong> <em>_(supported until 2032)_</em>: The previous version (MySQL 8.0) reaches end-of-life in 2026, making this upgrade essential for maintaining system integrity and performance. MySQL 8.0 is still supported, but Adobe recommends upgrading to MySQL 8.4 when upgrading to Adobe Commerce 2.4.8</li>
              </ul>
            This release includes the following database enhancements:
              <ul>
                <li><strong>MySQL collation</strong>: The system now defaults to using <code>utf8mb4</code> collation for MySQL, ensuring compatibility with MySQL 8 and future-proofing against the deprecation of <code>utf8mb3</code>. Previously, the system defaulted to using <code>utf8mb3</code> collation, which is deprecated in MySQL 8.<!-- AC-8828 --></li>
                <li><strong>MySQL foreign fey restrictions</strong>: MySQL 8.4 introduces stricter foreign key validation by default. The <code>restrict_fk_on_non_standard_key</code> setting is now ON by default, which restricts the use of non-unique or partial keys as foreign keys. Merchants upgrading from MySQL 8.0 to MySQL 8.4 must explicitly set this parameter to OFF or use the <code>--skip-restrict-fk-on-non-standard-key</code> server option to maintain compatibility with existing database structures. See the <a href="/help/upgrade/prepare/prerequisites.md#mysql"><em>Upgrade Guide</em></a> for more details.<!-- AC-14257 --></li>
              </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Message queue</strong></td>
            <td>This release adds support for RabbitMQ 4.x. Before upgrading to RabbitMQ 4, Adobe Commerce Cloud and on-premises customers must <a href="https://www.rabbitmq.com/docs/3.13/migrate-mcq-to-qq">migrate from [!DNL classic mirrored queues] to [!DNL quorum queues]</a>. This migration is required because:
              <ul>
                <li>[!DNL Classic mirrored queues] are not supported in RabbitMQ 4</li>
                <li>[!DNL Quorum queues] maintain high availability by replicating queue contents across multiple nodes</li>
              </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>PHP</strong></td>
            <td>This release includes the following PHP enhancements:
            <ul>
              <li><strong>PHP 8.4</strong>: This release adds PHP 8.4 compatibility for Adobe Commerce, bundled extensions, and Adobe-owned extensions, services, and tools. PHP 8.3 is still supported. PHP 8.2 is still compatible, but only for upgrade purposes. PHP 8.4 compatibility required <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/php/development/backward-incompatible-changes/">breaking changes</a>.<!-- AC-12133,AC-13078,AC-13726,AC-13077 --></li>
              <li><strong>PHP 8.1</strong>: This release removes PHP 8.1 from all Adobe Commerce project libraries, dependencies, bundled extensions, and Adobe-owned extensions, services, and tools.<!-- AC-13038 --></li>
              <li><strong>PHP 8.1</strong>: This release removes PHP 8.1 compatibility for Adobe Commerce 2.4.8. You must upgrade to PHP 8.3 before upgrading to Adobe Commerce 2.4.8.</li>
              <li><strong>PHP 8.2</strong>: One of the significant changes in PHP 8.2 involves the deprecation of passing null to non-nullable internal function parameters. This release addresses deprecated PHP 8.1 features in core platform components and ensures compatibility with PHP 8.2.</li>
              <li><strong>PHPUnit 10</strong>: This release addresses several critical issues, enhances compatibility, and ensures that the Adobe Commerce testing framework aligns with the latest industry standards. Adobe recommends that all Commerce Marketplace vendors and customers with customizations verify that their unit and integration tests run on PHPUnit 10 instead of 9.</li>
            </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Components</strong></td>
            <td>The following third-party <a href="/help/release/packages/adobe-commerce.md">components and dependencies</a> were updated to the latest stable versions to enhance platform stability and performance:
              <ul>
                <li>Composer 2.8.x<!-- AC-12028 --></li>
                <li>glob 11.0.0<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>grunt-contrib-connect 5.0.0<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>grunt-eslint 25.0.0<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>imagemin-svgo 11.0.1<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>jquery/bootstrap 5.3.3<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>jquery/jstree 3.3.17<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>jquery.tabs.js 5.3.2<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>jquery/validate 1.20.x</li>
                <li>js-cookie/js-cookie 3.0.5<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>moment.js 2.30.1</li>
                <li>monolog/monolog 3.x</li>
                <li>monolog/Require.js 2.3.7</li>
                <li>nginx 1.26<!-- AC-12012 --></li>
                <li>phpunit/phpunit 10.x<!-- AC-12970 --></li>
                <li>serve-static 1.16.2<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>TinyMCE 6.8.5<!-- AC-13256 --></li>
                <li>underscore 1.13.7<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>Uppy 4.4.0<!-- AC-13076 --></li>
                <li>Varnish 7.6.x<!-- AC-12029 --></li>
                <li>wikimedia/less.php 5.x</li>
              </ul>
              The following components were removed:
                <ul>
                  <li>TinyMCE 5<!-- AC-12944 --></li>
                </ul>
              All Laminas dependencies were upgraded to the latest version, except for the following, which have been replaced with alternative packages or native PHP functionality:
                <ul>
                  <li>laminas/laminas-file</li>
                  <li>laminas/laminas-mail</li>
                  <li>laminas/laminas-mime</li>
                  <li>laminas/laminas-oauth</li>
                </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Search</strong></td>
            <td>Adobe Commerce is now optimized for OpenSearch 2.19 and is no longer compatible with Elasticsearch. All Elasticsearch 7 and 8 modules and classes are now deprecated in the codebase. Adobe strongly recommends transitioning to OpenSearch for both on-premises and cloud infrastructure deployments to ensure continued support and compatibility. See <a href="/help/upgrade/prepare/opensearch-migration.md">Migrating to OpenSearch</a>.
              <ul>
                <li>The Elasticsearch 7 and Elasticsearch 8 options are now labeled as "(Deprecated)" in the Admin configuration.</li>
                <li>When a user selects Elasticsearch as the search engine in the Admin configuration, Commerce displays a notification stating, <em>"This search engine option is no longer supported by Adobe. We recommend using OpenSearch as a search engine instead."</em></li>
              </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

### Performance

This release includes the following performance enhancements:

<table style="table-layout:auto">
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Indexers</strong></td>
            <td>The default <a href="/help/implementation-playbook/best-practices/maintenance/indexer-configuration.md#set-indexers-to-update-on-schedule">indexer mode</a> for all indexers is now [!UICONTROL Update by Schedule] when installing a new version of Adobe Commerce or upgrading from a previous version. The new default ensures that indexers are in the recommended configuration, improving system performance and reducing potential issues.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Product prices</strong></td>
            <td><!-- AC-13448 -->The system now allows for more efficient bulk updates of tier prices without causing performance issues or site unresponsiveness when using the <a kref="https://adobe-commerce.redoc.ly/2.4.7-admin/tag/productstier-prices/"><code>/V1/products/tier-prices</code></a> REST API endpoint. Previously, updating a large number of prices using this endpoint could result in performance issues and site unresponsiveness.</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

### Quality

This release includes the following quality enhancements:

<table style="table-layout:auto">
    <tbody>
        <tr>
           <td><strong>Inventory</strong></td>
           <td>The system now operates without the previously hidden dependency from Catalog introduced by InventoryIndexer, ensuring that the product creation, display mode switch, stock status change, and other related functionalities work as expected. Previously, this hidden dependency caused inconsistencies as different entities were synchronized and the indexer used different entities.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Orders</strong></td>
            <td>To minimize confusion, the [!UICONTROL Submit Comment] button label changed to [!UICONTROL Update] in the <a href="https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/stores-sales/order-management/orders/order-processing#notes-for-this-order">order detail</a> page.</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

### GraphQL

This release includes the following GraphQL enhancements:

<table style="table-layout:auto">
    <tbody>
        <td><strong>Cart and checkout</strong></td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><!--LYNX-387-->Added the following new fields to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CartItemPrices"><code>CartItemPrices</code></a> type to support accurate pricing display and discount calculations:
                <ul>
                  <li><code>original_item_price</code></li>
                  <li><code>original_row_total</code></li>
                  <li><code>row_total_including_catalog_discounts_only</code></li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li><!--LYNX-781-->Updated the checkout process for GraphQL to display only the "Free" payment method when the order total is zero. This enhancement reduces shopper confusion and ensures a smoother purchasing experience.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-753-->Added support for retrieving terms and conditions configuration settings via the <code>StoreConfig</code> GraphQL query. New Configurations available: [!UICONTROL Stores] > [!UICONTROL Settings] > [!UICONTROL Configuration] > [!UICONTROL Checkout] > [!UICONTROL Checkout Options] > [!UICONTROL Enable Terms and Conditions]. These settings enable frontend applications to dynamically enable and configure terms and conditions by store view in the checkout page.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-542-->Updated the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#mutation-updateCartItems"><code>updateCartItems</code></a> mutation to return success responses with error details instead of exceptions. Enhanced error mapping to improve the clarity of user notifications.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-541-->Added a new <code>InsufficientStockError</code> type to handle cases where stock levels are insufficient. Adjusted the schema to support new error types, enhancing error reporting capabilities.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-547-->Refined messaging for insufficient and unavailable quantity notifications.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-451-->Added the <code>grand_total_excluding_tax</code> field to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CartPrices"><code>CartPrices</code></a> type, providing clear tax-inclusive pricing.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-377-->Added the <code>not_available_message</code> to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CartItemInterface"><code>CartItemInterface</code></a>.</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
       </tr>
        <tr>
           <td><strong>Customers and customer groups</strong></td>
           <td>This release includes the following customer management enhancements:
             <ul>
               <li><!--LYNX-391-->Refined error handling in the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#mutation-generateCustomerToken"><code>generateCustomerToken</code></a> mutation to provide specific messages for unconfirmed emails. Supports better user guidance and error resolution.</li>
               <li><!--LYNX-390-->Added a new <code>resendConfirmationEmail</code> mutation for resending email confirmations.</li>
               <li><!--LYNX-566-->Added the <code>customer.addressesV2</code> field in the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/customer/queries/customer/"><code>customer</code></a> query, adding pagination for customer addresses.</li>
             </ul>
           </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
           <td><strong>Orders</strong></td>
           <td>This release includes the following user order management enhancements:
             <ul>
              <li><!--LYNX-476-->Enhanced error messaging to include available inventory amounts. Provides users with clearer insights into stock levels during order updates.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-470-->Added a new <code>date_of_first_order</code> field to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CustomerOrders"><code>CustomerOrders</code></a> type.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-468-->Extended the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-OrderAddress"><code>OrderAddress</code></a> type to include custom attributes, enhancing order detail visibility. Supports additional information display on order confirmation pages.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-450-->Added the <code>is_virtual</code> field to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CustomerOrder"><code>CustomerOrder</code></a> type, supporting virtual product identification. Enhances order processing by distinguishing virtual from physical products.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-449-->Added an <code>OrderItemPrices</code> type similar to <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CartItemPrices"><code>CartItemPrices</code></a> to <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-OrderItemInterface"><code>OrderItemInterface</code></a> with several new fields for price.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-448-->Improved API functionality to merge guest orders with customer accounts based on email matching. Streamlines order management for returning customers.</li>
              <li><!-- LYNX-523: -->Extended the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CustomerOrder"><code>CustomerOrder</code></a> type to include an <code>available_actions</code> field for better order management. The `available_actions` field maps to an enumeration that lists the possible actions that can be performed on the order.</li>
              <li><!-- LYNX-524 -->Added the <code>customer_info</code> field to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CustomerOrder"><code>CustomerOrder</code></a> type. This field requires the <code>OrderCustomerInfo</code> type, which contains details about the customer name.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-519-->Added detailed error codes to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CancelOrderOutput"><code>CancelOrderOutput</code></a> type. Improved error handling and user feedback for the order cancellation processes.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-505-->Added a new <code>confirmCancelOrder</code> mutation to facilitate order cancellation for guest shoppers.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-644-->Updated the <code>OrderStatusChangeDate</code> resolver to return the order status change date in the default format without additional reformatting, ensuring consistency across responses.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-642-->Updated the <code>order.availableActions</code> field to ensure that the <code>REORDER</code> action is not returned if a merchant <a href="https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/stores-sales/shopper-tools/reorders-allow#configure-to-allow-customer-reorders">disables</a> the reorder functionality in the Admin.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-598-->Updated the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/orders/queries/guest-order/"><code>guestOrder</code></a> and <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/orders/queries/guest-order-by-token/"><code>guestOrderByToken</code></a> queries to use <code>lastname</code> instead of <code>postcode</code> because some countries consider the postcode optional. As a result, some guest users faced issues while fetching tokens during order placement or retrieving placed orders using a token.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-568-->Updated the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/orders/mutations/cancel-order/"><code>cancelOrder</code></a> mutation to be accessible only to registered customers. Added a new <code>requestGuestOrderCancel</code> mutation, which requires an order token (similar to the <code>guestOrderByToken</code> input).</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-551-->Added a <code>order_status_change_date</code> field to track the date for order status changes.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-524-->Added <code>OrderCustomerInfo</code> to the <code>CustomerOrder</code> type.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-523-->Added the <code>CustomerOrder.available_actions</code> field to display the available actions for an order.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-519-->Mapped error codes with corresponding error messages for order cancellation.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-470-->Added an order history filter based on the <code>created_at</code> field and exposed <code>date_of_first_order</code> with the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CustomerOrders"><code>CustomerOrders</code></a> type.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-450-->Added the <code>is_virtual</code> field to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CustomerOrder"><code>CustomerOrder</code></a> type, similar to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-Cart"><code>Cart</code></a> type. This allows the customer to conditionally hide shipping information for orders containing only virtual products.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-449-->Updated the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/orders/queries/guest-order/"><code>guestOrder</code></a> and <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/orders/queries/guest-order-by-token/"><code>guestOrderByToken</code></a> query responses to include missing cart summary-related fields for order confirmation. Added the <code>OrderItemPrices</code> type and <code>original_price</code> and <code>original_price_including_tax</code> fields to both the <code>OrderItemPrices</code> and <code>CartItemPrices</code> types. The prices field now includes detailed pricing information, allowing the order confirmation page to display a more complete cart summary, including total quantity, item details, and pre-discount prices.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-448-->Updated the API to support merging guest orders with customer accounts when the email addresses match. Orders placed by guests are now automatically associated with the corresponding customer account upon registration or if an existing account with the same email is found.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-701-->Updated the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CustomerOrder"><code>CustomerOrder</code></a> type to include store credit and reward points applied to the order totals. Now, the order payload returns the label and value for both store credit and reward points, ensuring complete cost summary details.</li>
            </ul>
           </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <td><strong>Products and catalog</strong></td>
        <td>
            <ul>
              <li><!--LYNX-540-->Added a <code>quantity</code> field in the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-ProductInterface"><code>ProductInterface</code></a> to provide stock level details. It displays available stock or null based on Admin settings.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-460-->Corrected pricing display for bundle products, ensuring accurate price and currency information.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-401-->Added the <code>grouped_product_image</code> and <code>configurable_product_image</code> fields to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-StoreConfig"><code>StoreConfig</code></a> type.</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Gift options and gift cards</strong></td>
        <td>
            <ul>
              <li><!--LYNX-713-->Updated the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-GiftOptionsPrices"><code>GiftOptionsPrices</code></a> and <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-OrderTotal"><code>OrderTotal</code></a> types to include both <code>price_excluding_tax</code> and <code>price_including_tax</code> fields for gift wrapping (per item and order) and printed cards. This enhancement ensures accurate tax display based on store configuration settings for both cart and order queries.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-695-->Updated the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/store/queries/store-config/"><code>storeConfig</code></a> query to include <code>printed_card_priceV2</code> to return a price object instead of a string.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-694-->Added the <code>gift_wrapping_available</code> and <code>gift_wrapping_price</code> fields to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/products/queries/products/"><code>products</code></a> query. The <code>gift_wrapping_price</code> field is now returned as a price object.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-693-->Added <code>gift_message</code> and <code>gift_wrapping</code> fields to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-GiftCardItem"><code>GiftCardCartItem</code></a> type; updated logic to discard gift wrapping for virtual products.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-692-->Updated the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/customer/queries/orders/"><code>customerOrders</code></a> query to correctly process the <code>gift_message</code> field.</li>
              <li><!--LYNX-691-->Updated the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/customer/queries/orders/"><code>customerOrders</code></a> query to include the <code>applied_gift_cards</code> field, allowing retrieval of applied gift card data similar to <code>applied_coupons</code>.</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Returns</strong></td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><!--LYNX-632-->Updated the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#mutation-requestReturn"><code>requestReturn</code></a> mutation for RMA items input to resolve inconsistencies between the return attribute related query and mutation.</li>
                <li><!--LYNX-515-->Updated the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#mutation-requestReturn"><code>requestReturn</code></a> mutation to support guest order returns.</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Tax and pricing</strong></td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><!--LYNX-633-->Updated the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-StoreConfig"><code>StoreConfig</code></a> type with fields to match the tax display settings in the Admin configuration.</li>
                <li><!--LYNX-697-->Added the <code>subtotal_excl_tax</code> and <code>subtotal_incl_tax</code> fields to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-OrderTotal"><code>OrderTotal</code></a> type. Marked the <code>subtotal</code> field as deprecated.</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Shipping and billing</strong></td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><!--LYNX-618-->Added an identifier for the address book in shipping or billing cart address in the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-CartAddressInterface"><code>CartAddressInterface</code></a> type.</li>
                <li><!--LYNX-617-->Added the <code>same_as_billing</code> field to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#definition-ShippingCartAddress"><code>ShippingCartAddress</code></a> type, which indicates whether the shipping and billing addresses are the same.</li>
                <li><!--LYNX-458-->Updated the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#query-guestOrder"><code>guestOrder</code></a> and <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#query-guestOrderByToken"><code>guestOrderByToken</code></a> queries to include custom address attributes, ensuring complete address information for new accounts.</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Security</strong></td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><!--LYNX-522-->Added a <code>theme</code> field to the <a href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql-api/index.html#query-recaptchaV3Config"><code>recaptchaV3Config</code></a> query. This field allows you to specify the name of the theme to use to render the reCaptcha ensuring accurate price and currency information.</li>
                <li><!--LYNX-319-->Improved security by ensuring that requests with expired customer tokens now return a <code>401 Unauthorized</code> response.</li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

### Braintree

This release includes the following Braintree bundled extension enhancements:

<table style="table-layout:auto">
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>General enhancements</strong></td>
            <td>This release includes the following general enhancements to the Braintree extension:
            <ul>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3373 -->To offer a true express payment experience, the Braintree extension now includes the shipping methods within the PayPal modal, allowing the customer to check out with fewer clicks. The shipping options are listed and calculated based on the shipping address saved in the customer's PayPal account. Previously, customers would land on a review page and choose a shipping method to complete payment. The review page is now optional allowing merchants to enable/disable this user journey. The PayPal Express buttons can be found on the PDP, mini-cart, cart and top of the checkout.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3407 -->There is now a new version of the Braintree SDK. The PHP SDK version is 6.21.0. The JavaScript SDK version is 3.112.0. The latest version has some required changes for future compatibility with new features and functionality.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3406 -->General code optimization within the Braintree extension.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3405 -->To determine the page where a customer initiates the PayPal checkout experience (PDP, cart, or checkout), the Braintree extension now passes a <code>data-page-type</code> attribute to the JavaScript SDK. This attribute is used to render the button on the page.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3404 -->Following the new PayPal brand guidelines, the Braintree extension now positions the PayLater messaging on the PDP, mini-cart, and cart. The messaging now sits closer/alongside the price/totals. The extension now also displays the PayLater messaging as part of the checkout button, rather than separately.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3403 -->To enhance the express payment experience, the Braintree extension integrates shipping methods directly into the Google Pay modal, enabling customers to complete their checkout with fewer clicks. Shipping options are automatically displayed and calculated based on the address saved in the customer's Google Pay account. Previously, customers would be redirected to a review page to select a shipping method before completing their payment. Now, the review page is optional, giving the merchant flexibility to enable/disable this step in the checkout process. The Google Pay Express buttons are located on the mini-cart, cart and top of the checkout.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3402 -->Updated the current Apple Pay mark to the latest version.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3401 -->Updated the current Google Pay mark to the latest version.</li>
              <li><!-- BUNDLE-3400 -->Removed Sofort and Giropay payment methods as they are no longer supported.</li>
            </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Package tracking</strong></td>
            <td><!-- BUNDLE-3420 -->When a PayPal order is shipped, the Braintree extension now sends the carrier and tracking number to both the merchant's and the customer's PayPal accounts. Providing tracking information and item-level details greatly improves the customer experience while reducing operational costs for merchants. Customers can easily log into their PayPal account, view the order, and access the tracking link. Merchants benefit from automatic resolution of "Item Not Received" PayPal disputes, quicker access to funds in payment and dispute holds, live tracking updates, item-level disputes (rather than disputes for the entire order), and enhanced merchant risk profiles.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Line items</strong></td>
            <td>This release includes the following enhancements to line items:
            <ul>
              <li><strong>Apply Pay</strong><!-- BUNDLE-3409 -->: When customers checkout using Apple Pay Express, the Braintree extension now shows the cart line items within the Apple Pay modal. By clicking the tooltip (?) next to the price, customers can view individual cart items, discounts, shipping, and tax details, removing the need to exit the modal to confirm their items.</li>
              <li><strong>Google Pay</strong><!-- BUNDLE-3408 -->: When customers checkout using Google Pay Express, the Braintree extension now displays the cart line items directly within the Google Pay modal. By clicking the tooltip (?) next to the price, the customer can view individual cart items, discounts, shipping, and tax details, eliminating the need to exit the modal to verify their items.</li>
            </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

<!-- Fixed issues -->

{{$include /help/_includes/templated/release/fixed-issues/v2.4.8/commerce.md}}
