---
title: Adobe Commerce 2.4.4-p7 release notes
description: Learn about fixes for security issues in the 2.4.4-p7 Adobe Commerce release.
---

# Adobe Commerce 2.4.4-p7 release notes

Adobe Commerce 2.4.4-p7 is a security release that provides ten security fixes that enhance your Adobe Commerce 2.4.4 or Magento Open Source 2.4.4 deployment. It provides fixes for vulnerabilities that have been identified in previous releases.

{{bics}}

## What's in this release?

Security enhancements for this release improve compliance with the latest security best practices. These improvements include ten security fixes.

This security patch includes:

* security highlight
* security fixes

### Security highlights

This release introduces two significant security enhancements:

* **Changes to the behavior of non-generated cache keys**:

  * Non-generated cache keys for blocks now include prefixes that differ from prefixes for keys that are generated automatically. (Non-generated cache keys are keys that are set through template directive syntax or the `setCacheKey` or `setData` methods.) 
  * Non-generated cache keys for blocks now must contain only letters, digits, hyphens (-), and underscore characters (_).  <!-- AC-9831 -->

* **Limitations on the number of auto-generated coupon codes**. Commerce now limits the number of coupon codes that are automatically generated. The default maximum is 250,000. Merchants can use the new **[!UICONTROL Code Quantity Limit]** configuration option (**[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Settings:Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL Customers]** > **[!UICONTROL Promotions]**) to prevent potentially overwhelming the system with many coupons. <!-- AC-8753 -->

### Security fixes

This patch includes ten security fixes. See [Adobe Security Bulletin](https://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/magento/apsb24-03.html) for the latest discussion of these fixed issues.

## Known issue 

**Issue**: Adobe Commerce displays a **wrong checksum** error during download by Composer from `repo.magento.com`,  and package download is interrupted. This issue can occur during download of release packages that were made available during prerelease and is caused by a repackaging of the `magento/module-page-cache` package. 

**Workaround**: Merchants who see this error during download can take these steps:

1) Delete the `/vendor` directory inside the project, if one exists. 
2) Run the `bin/magento composer update magento/module-page-cache` command. This command updates only the `page cache` package. 

If the checksum problem persists, remove the `composer.lock` file before re-running the `bin/magento composer update` command to update every package.

## Installation and upgrade instructions

For instructions on downloading and upgrading to security patch releases, see [Quick start install](../../../installation/composer.md).

## More information?

For general information about security patches, see [Adobe Commerce release policy](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-operations/release/planning/versioning-policy.html?lang=en#security-patch-release).
