---
title: Adobe Commerce 2.4.4-p5 release notes
description: Learn about fixes for security issues in the 2.4.4-p5 Adobe Commerce release.
exl-id: b046d808-31eb-4588-ab20-f5c7178a7d57
---
# Adobe Commerce 2.4.4-p5 release notes

Adobe Commerce 2.4.4-p5 is a security release that provides three security fixes that enhance your Adobe Commerce 2.4.4 or Magento Open Source 2.4.4 deployment. It provides fixes for vulnerabilities that have been identified in previous releases.

{{bics}}

## Apply patch to resolve security vulnerability CVE-2022-31160 in jQuery-UI library
 
`jQuery-UI` library version 1.13.1 has a known security vulnerability (CVE-2022-31160) that affects multiple versions of Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source. This library is a dependency of Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source 2.4.4, 2.4.5, and 2.4.6. Merchants running affected deployments should apply the patch specified in the [jQuery UI security vulnerability CVE-2022-31160 fix for 2.4.4, 2.4.5, and 2.4.6 releases](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-knowledge-base/kb/troubleshooting/known-issues-patches-attached/jquery-cve-2022-31160-fix-2.4.4-2.4.5-2.4.6.html) Knowledge Base article.

## What's in this release?

Security enhancements for this release improve compliance with the latest security best practices. These improvements include three security fixes.

### Security fixes

This patch includes three security fixes. See [Adobe Security Bulletin](https://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/magento/apsb23-42.html) for the latest discussion of these fixed issues.

## Installation and upgrade instructions

For instructions on downloading and applying security patches (including patch 2.4.4-p5), see [Quick start install](../../../installation/composer.md).

## More information?

For general information about security patches, see [Introducing the New Security Patch Release](https://community.magento.com/t5/Magento-DevBlog/Introducing-the-New-Security-Patch-Release/ba-p/141287).
