---
title: Adobe Commerce 2.4.5-p5 release notes
description: Learn about fixes for security issues in the 2.4.5-p5 Adobe Commerce release.
exl-id: dd59dc77-8b70-4916-bd6f-cc3886e7da00
---
# Adobe Commerce 2.4.5-p5 release notes

Adobe Commerce 2.4.5-p5 is a security release that provides ten security fixes that enhance your Adobe Commerce 2.4.5 or Magento Open Source 2.4.5 deployment. It provides fixes for vulnerabilities that have been identified in previous releases.

{{bics}}

## What's in this release?

Security enhancements for this release improve compliance with the latest security best practices. These improvements include ten security fixes.

This security patch includes:

* security highlight
* security fixes

### Security highlight

This release introduces a new full page cache configuration setting that helps to mitigate the risks associated with the `{BASE-URL}/page_cache/block/esi HTTP` endpoint. This endpoint supports unrestricted, dynamically loaded content fragments from Commerce layout handles and block structures. The new **[!UICONTROL Handles Param]** configuration setting sets the value of this endpoint's `handles` parameter, which determines the maximum allowed number of handles per API. The default value of this property is 100. Merchants can change this value from the Admin ( **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Settings:Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL System]** > **[!UICONTROL Full Page Cache]** > **[!UICONTROL Handles Param]**. <!-- AC-9113 -->

### Security fixes

This patch includes ten security fixes. See [Adobe Security Bulletin](https://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/magento/apsb23-50.html) for the latest discussion of these fixed issues.

## Known issue 

**Issue**: Adobe Commerce displays a **wrong checksum** error during download by Composer from `repo.magento.com`,  and package download is interrupted. This issue can occur during download of release packages that were made available during prerelease and is caused by a repackaging of the `magento/module-page-cache` package. 

**Workaround**: Merchants who see this error during download can take these steps:

1) Delete the `/vendor` directory inside the project, if one exists. 
2) Run the `bin/magento composer update magento/module-page-cache` command. This command updates only the `page cache` package. 

If the checksum problem persists, remove the `composer.lock` file before re-running the `bin/magento composer update` command to update every package.

## Installation and upgrade instructions

For instructions on downloading and upgrading to security patch releases, see [Quick start install](../../../installation/composer.md).

## More information?

For general information about security patches, see [Adobe Commerce release policy](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-operations/release/planning/versioning-policy.html?lang=en#security-patch-release).
