---
title: Adobe Commerce 2.4.6-p3 release notes
description: Learn about fixes for security issues in the 2.4.6-p3 Adobe Commerce release.
---

# Adobe Commerce 2.4.6-p3 release notes

Adobe Commerce 2.4.6-p3 is a security release that provides ten security fixes that enhance your Adobe Commerce 2.4.6 or Magento Open Source 2.4.6 deployment. It provides fixes for vulnerabilities that have been identified in previous releases.

{{bics}}

## What's in this release?

Security enhancements for this release improve compliance with the latest security best practices. These improvements include ten security fixes.

This security patch includes:

* security highlights
* security fixes

### Security highlights

This release introduces a new full page cache configuration setting that helps to mitigate the risks associated with the `{BASE-URL}/page_cache/block/esi HTTP` endpoint. This endpoint supports unrestricted, dynamically loaded content fragments from Commerce layout handles and block structures. The new **[!UICONTROL Handles Param]** configuration setting sets the value of this endpoint's `handles` parameter, which determines the maximum allowed number of handles per API. The default value of this property is 100. Merchants can change this value from the Admin (**[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Settings:Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL System]** > **[!UICONTROL Full Page Cache]** > **[!UICONTROL Handles Param]**. <!-- AC-9113 -->

**Highlight introduced in 2.4.7-beta1**

The value of `fastcgi_pass` in the `nginx.sample` file has been returned to its previous (pre-2.4.6-p1) value of `fastcgi_backend`. This value was inadvertently changed to `php-fpm:9000` in Adobe Commerce 2.4.6-p1.

### Security fixes

This patch includes ten security fixes. See [Adobe Security Bulletin](https://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/magento/apsb23-50.html) for the latest discussion of these fixed issues.

### Hotfixes included in this release

Adobe Commerce 2.4.6-p3 includes resolution of the performance degradation that was addressed by patch ACSD-51892. Merchants are not affected by the issue addressed by this patch, which is described in the [ACSD-51892: Performance issue where config files load multiple times](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-knowledge-base/kb/support-tools/patches/v1-1-33/acsd-51892-performance-issue-where-config-files-load-multiple-times.html) Knowledge Base article.


## Installation and upgrade instructions

For instructions on downloading and upgrading to security patches releases, see [Quick start install](../../../installation/composer.md).

## More information?

For general information about security patches, see [Adobe Commerce release policy](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-operations/release/planning/versioning-policy.html?lang=en#security-patch-release).