---
title: Adobe Commerce 2.4.6-p1 release notes
description: Learn about fixes for security issues in the 2.4.6-p1 Adobe Commerce release.
exl-id: 32a47e56-8bbb-4391-b775-0794d754e575
---
# Adobe Commerce 2.4.6-p1 release notes

Adobe Commerce 2.4.6-p1 is a security release that provides three security fixes that enhance your Adobe Commerce 2.4.6 or Magento Open Source 2.4.6 deployment. It provides fixes for vulnerabilities that have been identified in previous releases.

{{bics}}

## What's in this release?

Security enhancements for this release improve compliance with the latest security best practices.  These improvements include 13 security fixes and platform upgrades. 

This security patch includes:

*  security fixes
*  security highlights
*  platform upgrades

### Security fixes

This patch includes 13 security fixes. See [Adobe Security Bulletin](https://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/magento/apsb23-35.html) for the latest discussion of these fixed issues.

#### Security highlight

The default behavior of the [`isEmailAvailable`](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/customer/queries/is-email-available/) GraphQL query and ([`V1/customers/isEmailAvailable`](https://adobe-commerce.redoc.ly/2.4.6-admin/tag/customersisEmailAvailable/#operation/PostV1CustomersIsEmailAvailable)) REST endpoint has changed. By default, the API now always returns `true`. Merchants can enable the original behavior, which is to return `true` if the email does not exist in the database and `false` if it exists. <!-- AC-6695 -->

### Platform upgrades

Platform upgrades for this release improve compliance with the latest security best practices. 

*  **Varnish cache 7.3 support**. This release is compatible with the latest version of Varnish Cache 7.3. Compatibility remains with the 6.0.x and 7.2.x versions, but we recommended using Adobe Commerce 2.4.6-p1 only with Varnish Cache version 7.3 or version 6.0 LTS.

*  **RabbitMQ 3.11 support**. This release is compatible with the latest version of RabbitMQ 3.11. Compatibility remains with RabbitMQ 3.9, which is supported through August 2023, but we recommended using Adobe Commerce 2.4.6-p1 only with RabbitMQ 3.11.

*  **JavaScript libraries**. Outdated JavaScript libraries have been upgraded to the latest minor or patch versions, including `moment.js` library (v2.29.4), `jQuery UI` library (v1.13.2), and `jQuery` validation plugin library (v1.19.5).

## Known issues

- The `nginx.sample` file was inadvertently updated with a change that modifies the value of `fastcgi_pass` from `fastcgi_backend` to `php-fpm:9000`. This change can be safely reverted or ignored. <!-- AC-8992 -->

- Missing dependencies for the B2B security package cause the following installation error when installing or upgrading the B2B extension to 1.4.0.

  ```terminal
  Your requirements could not be resolved to an installable set of packages.

    Problem 1
      - Root composer.json requires magento/extension-b2b 1.4.0 -> satisfiable by magento/extension-b2b[1.4.0].
      - magento/extension-b2b 1.4.0 requires magento/security-package-b2b 1.0.4-beta1 -> found magento/security-package-b2b[1.0.4-beta1] but it does not match your minimum-stability.

  Installation failed, reverting ./composer.json and ./composer.lock to their original content.
  ```
  This issue can be resolved by adding a stability tag to the B2B security package dependencies. For details, see the [B2B release notes|https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-admin/b2b/release-notes.html#known-issue].

## Installation and upgrade instructions

For instructions on downloading and applying security patches (including patch 2.4.6-p1), see [Quick start install](../../../installation/composer.md).

## More information?

For general information about security patches, see [Introducing the New Security Patch Release](https://community.magento.com/t5/Magento-DevBlog/Introducing-the-New-Security-Patch-Release/ba-p/141287).
