---
title: Adobe Commerce 2.4.5-p3 release notes
description: Learn about fixes for security issues in the 2.4.5-p3 Adobe Commerce release.
exl-id: 45be93d4-b367-43ca-a0ae-bfd5948de33d
---
# Adobe Commerce 2.4.5-p3 release notes

Adobe Commerce 2.4.5-p3 is a security release that provides 13 security fixes that enhance your Adobe Commerce 2.4.5 or Magento Open Source 2.4.5 deployment. It provides fixes for vulnerabilities that have been identified in previous releases.

{{bics}}

## Apply patch to resolve security vulnerability CVE-2022-31160 in jQuery-UI library
 
`jQuery-UI` library version 1.13.1 has a known security vulnerability (CVE-2022-31160) that affects multiple versions of Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source. This library is a dependency of Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source 2.4.4, 2.4.5, and 2.4.6. Merchants running affected deployments should apply the patch specified in the [Query UI security vulnerability CVE-2022-31160 fix for 2.4.4, 2.4.5, and 2.4.6 releases](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-knowledge-base/kb/troubleshooting/known-issues-patches-attached/jquery-cve-2022-31160-fix-2.4.4-2.4.5-2.4.6.html) Knowledge Base article.

## What's in this release?

Security enhancements for this release improve compliance with the latest security best practices.  These improvements include 13 security fixes and platform upgrades. 

This security patch includes:

* security fixes
* security highlights
* platform upgrades

### Security fixes

This patch includes 13 security fixes. See [Adobe Security Bulletin](https://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/magento/apsb23-35.html) for the latest discussion of these fixed issues.

#### Security highlight

The default behavior of the [`isEmailAvailable`](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/customer/queries/is-email-available/) GraphQL query and ([`V1/customers/isEmailAvailable`](https://adobe-commerce.redoc.ly/2.4.6-admin/tag/customersisEmailAvailable/#operation/PostV1CustomersIsEmailAvailable)) REST endpoint has changed. By default, the API now always returns `true`. Merchants can enable the original behavior, which is to return `true` if the email does not exist in the database and `false` if it exists. <!-- AC-6695 -->
 
### Platform upgrades

Platform upgrades for this release improve compliance with the latest security best practices. 

*   **Varnish cache 7.3 support**. This release is compatible with the latest version of Varnish Cache 7.3. Compatibility remains with the 6.0.x and 7.2.x versions, but we recommended using Adobe Commerce 2.4.5-p3 only with Varnish Cache version 7.3 or version 6.0 LTS.

*   **RabbitMQ 3.11 support**. This release is compatible with the latest version of RabbitMQ 3.11. Compatibility remains with RabbitMQ 3.9, which is supported through August 2023, but we recommended using Adobe Commerce 2.4.5-p3 only with RabbitMQ 3.11.

*   **JavaScript libraries**. Outdated JavaScript libraries have been upgraded to the latest minor or patch versions, including `moment.js` library (v2.29.4), `jQuery UI` library (v1.13.2), and `jQuery` validation plugin library (v1.19.5).

## Installation and upgrade instructions

For instructions on downloading and applying security patches (including patch 2.4.5-p3), see [Quick start install](../../../installation/composer.md).

## More information?

For general information about security patches, see [Introducing the New Security Patch Release](https://community.magento.com/t5/Magento-DevBlog/Introducing-the-New-Security-Patch-Release/ba-p/141287).
