---
title: 'ACSD-68636: Store owner’s name not shown correctly in gift card email headers when invoice created from another store'
description: Apply the ACSD-68636 patch to fix an Adobe Commerce issue where gift card email headers did not reflect the correct store owner’s name when the invoice was created from a different store. After applying the fix, email headers now include the appropriate store owner information.
feature: Gift, Customers
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68636: Store owner’s name not shown correctly in gift card email headers when invoice created from another store

The ACSD-68636 patch fixes an issue where, after an invoice was created from a different store, the gift card email template did not reflect the owner’s name from the admin configuration settings in the email headers. After this fix was applied, the email headers now include the appropriate store owner’s email information. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.74 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68636. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p2

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

When a gift card email was sent after an invoice was created from a different store. The email headers did not reflect the owner’s name from the admin configuration settings.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a secondary Website/Store/Store View.
1. Change the **[!UICONTROL Sender Name]** and **[!UICONTROL Sender Email]** under **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL General]** > **[!UICONTROL Store Email Addresses]** > **[!UICONTROL General Contact]** in the secondary website or store scope.
1. Create a Gift Card product (virtual) and assign it to the second website.
1. Add the Gift Card to the cart and place an order on the second website.
1. Invoice the order to trigger the gift card email.
1. Check the sender of the gift card email.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Store-specific General Contact values should be used for the email.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Default Sender(From) email address is used.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
