---
title: 'ACSD-68430: Saving a customer or customer address failed if the record included multiple attribute options that had been deleted from the attribute configuration'
description: Apply the ACSD-68430 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where saving a customer or customer address fails if the record includes multiple attribute options that were deleted from the attribute configuration.
feature: Attributes, Customers
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68430: Saving a customer or customer address failed if the record included multiple attribute options that had been deleted from the attribute configuration

The ACSD-68430 patch fixes an issue where saving a customer or customer address fails if the record includes multiple attribute options that were deleted from the attribute configuration. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.74 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68430. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p6

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6 - 2.4.7-p8

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

When saving a customer or customer address that includes multiple attribute options which were deleted from the attribute configuration, the operation fails.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Navigate to Admin and create a multiselect custom customer attribute (example: "test") with options A, B, C, D.
1. Create a customer from Admin and save values for this attribute (example: select A, B, C).
1. Go back to attribute configuration and delete one of the options that was saved to the customer (example: delete option C).
1. In Admin, try to edit that same customer's record - change any field (like gender or prefix) and click *Save*.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Customer record changes are saved without errors.

<u>Actual results</u>:

An error occurs when saving changes to the customer record: *Attribute [attribute_name] does not contain option with Id [deleted_option_id]*.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
