---
title: 'ACSD-68810: Order assigned to customer created on different website despite Customer Account Sharing configuration'
description: Apply the ACSD-68810 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where order is assigned to the customer created on different website despite Customer Account Sharing configuration.
feature: Customers, Orders
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68810: Order assigned to customer created on different website despite Customer Account Sharing configuration

The ACSD-68810 patch fixes the issue where an order is assigned to a customer created on a different website despite the **[!UICONTROL Customer Account Sharing]** configuration. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.74 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68810. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

An order is assigned to a customer created on a different website despite the **[!UICONTROL Customer Account Sharing]** configuration.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a secondary website / store / store view.
1. Verify the customer sharing scope is set to *website*.
1. Create a product.
1. Create an order on the primary website using GraphQL.
1. Create a customer account using the same email address in the secondary store.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The customer order association honors the customer sharing scope set in the Admin.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The order gets associated with the customer account created in the other website.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
