---
title: 'ACP2E-4472: Null quote created using the Login as Customer flow'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4472 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where null quote records are created in the quote table during the [!UICONTROL Login as Customer] flow.
feature: Customers, Quotes, System
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
autotag-review: '2026-06-23T11:51:36.194Z'
TQID: 'https://experienceleague.adobe.com/olQMRwYUywpvOxlXa5h7XS6Q8VIw9rKcCN-MwJkj2Z4'
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: d1e21356-0064-4f48-9089-16e3f0dbd2a6
    internal-label: Storefront
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4472: Null quote created using the Login as Customer flow

The ACP2E-4472 patch fixes the issue where null quote records are created in the quote table during the **[!UICONTROL Login as Customer]** flow. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.80 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4472. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.5 - 2.4.8-p5

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

A null quote record is created in the quote table during the [!UICONTROL Login as Customer] flow.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create two customers.
1. Go to **[!UICONTROL Admin]** > **[!UICONTROL Customers]** > **[!UICONTROL All Customers]**.
1. In the customers grid, select a customer and click **[!UICONTROL Login as Customer]**.
1. After being redirected to the storefront, verify the data in the `quote` database table.
1. Without closing the current storefront session, return to the **[!UICONTROL Admin]** customers grid, select the other customer, and click **[!UICONTROL Login as Customer]**.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Only a quote associated with the logged-in customer is created in the `quote` database table.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Along with the customer's quote, a null quote record is created in the `quote` database table.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
