---
title: 'ACP2E-4493: Sales Order Archive grid shows incorrect order status when Asynchronous Indexing enabled'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4493 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the archive orders grid shows an incorrect order status when asynchronous grid indexing is enabled.
feature: Admin Workspace, Orders
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
autotag-review: '2026-06-22T17:03:12.598Z'
TQID: 'https://experienceleague.adobe.com/1rgAG-VIxVMVQNuCwq3JksAjOd-IOWWeL7Ag0HE9pa0'
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: c1256247-af4b-46d8-9dca-0c654ecfa157
    internal-label: Order Management System
  - id: dac87252-6066-4d6e-a9d2-f6d84c323de7
    internal-label: Configuration
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
  - id: ff6a42d2-313e-452e-93a6-792e4fad9ff8
    internal-label: Developer
level_v2:
  - id: d378ca77-2da1-4f39-ad92-1917fe974a38
    internal-label: Experienced
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4493: Sales Order Archive grid shows incorrect order status when Asynchronous Indexing enabled

The ACP2E-4493 patch fixes the issue where the Sales Order Archive grid displays an incorrect order status when asynchronous indexing is enabled. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.80 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4493. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.5 - 2.4.8-p5

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The Sales Order Archive grid displays an incorrect order status when asynchronous indexing is enabled.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Enable archiving in **[!UICONTROL Admin]** > **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **Settings** > **Configuration** > **[!UICONTROL Sales]** > **[!UICONTROL Orders]**, Invoices, Shipments, Credit Memos Archiving.
1. Enable asynchronous indexing in **[!UICONTROL Admin]** > **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **Settings** > **Configuration** > **[!UICONTROL Advanced]** > **Developer** > **Grid Settings** > **Asynchronous indexing**.
1. Place an order, ship it, and invoice it to set the order status to Complete.
1. Add a new order status and assign it to the Complete state.
    >[!NOTE]
    >
    >This step is not required if other order statuses are selected in the Order Statuses to be Archived configuration.
1. Archive the order.
1. Edit the archived order.
1. Change the order status to the newly created status, and save.
1. Check the order archive grid for the order status.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The order status updates in the archive grid whether asynchronous indexing is enabled or disabled.

<u>Actual results</u>:

1. The order status does not update in the archive grid when asynchronous indexing is enabled.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
