---
title: 'ACP2E-4533: Placeholder images fail to load on storefront when URL includes store code'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4533 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where website-specific product placeholder images do not load on the Adobe Commerce storefront when the store code is included in the URL.
feature: Media, Catalog Management
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
autotag-review: '2026-06-22T19:45:21.204Z'
TQID: 'https://experienceleague.adobe.com/Xjv7eScEitxU-Wo6jVinLZ--l5FSOio0zjAzrcO2Tf8'
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: c18ed297-2187-4aec-affb-9d9654eca6fc
    internal-label: Catalog management
  - id: d1e21356-0064-4f48-9089-16e3f0dbd2a6
    internal-label: Storefront
  - id: dac87252-6066-4d6e-a9d2-f6d84c323de7
    internal-label: Configuration
subfeature_v2:
  - id: ae62cf09-5996-4921-bda8-fbe67b62e470
    internal-label: Storefront configuration
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
  - id: ff6a42d2-313e-452e-93a6-792e4fad9ff8
    internal-label: Developer
level_v2:
  - id: d378ca77-2da1-4f39-ad92-1917fe974a38
    internal-label: Experienced
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4533: Placeholder images fail to load on storefront when URL includes store code

The ACP2E-4533 patch fixes the issue where placeholder images do not load on the storefront when a store code is included in the URL. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.80 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4533. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7 - 2.4.7-p10

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Placeholder images do not load on the storefront when the URL includes the store code.


<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create an additional website, store, and store view.
1. To configure placeholder images in the default scope, in the Admin sidebar, go to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > *[!UICONTROL Settings]* > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]**.
1. In the left panel, expand **[!UICONTROL Catalog]** and choose **[!UICONTROL Catalog]**.
1. Expand the **[!UICONTROL Product Image Placeholders]** section to configure placeholder images for the new website scope.
1. Create a product with images and assign it to both websites.
1. Delete the uploaded product images from the `pub/media/catalog/product` folder.
1. Open the product on the storefront for both websites.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The non-default website should display the website-specific placeholder images when the actual images are unavailable.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The non-default website displays the default placeholder image, regardless of the placeholder images uploaded for it.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.