---
title: 'ACP2E-4496: Analytics cron job degrades performance during execution'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4496 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where improves performance of the Advanced Reporting cron job.
feature: Reporting
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4496: Analytics cron job degrades performance during execution

The ACP2E-4496 patch fixes the issue where the analytics cron job causes performance degradation during execution, resulting in improved overall system performance. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.80 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4496. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p5

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The analytics cron job causes performance degradation during execution and increases database load.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Enable MBI analytics.
1. Generate a large amount of entries in the `sales_order_item` table.
1. Run the `analytics_collect_data` cron and measure the time taken to complete.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The analytics cron should take a reasonable amount of time to complete.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The analytics cron takes a long time to complete and puts a high load on the database.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
