---
title: 'ACP2E-4615: PayPal online order refunds fail with error *PayPal gateway rejects the request. Internal Error.*'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4615 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where online PayPal refunds with a Grand Total of $0 no longer fail with the error "PayPal gateway rejects the request. Internal Error.".
feature: Orders, Payments
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
autotag-review: '2026-06-19T21:04:23.708Z'
TQID: 'https://experienceleague.adobe.com/E7sPqLM9NObwDRbLgvp1CkfP2XX-RHkoVbkzwdVEqKg'
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: c1256247-af4b-46d8-9dca-0c654ecfa157
    internal-label: Order Management System
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4615: PayPal online order refunds fail with error *PayPal gateway rejects the request. Internal Error.*

The ACP2E-4615 patch fixes the issue where online order refunds fail with a PayPal error stating, *PayPal gateway rejects the request. Internal Error.*. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.80 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4615. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.5 - 2.4.9

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Online order refunds fail with a PayPal error stating, *PayPal gateway rejects the request. Internal Error.*.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a product with a `price` = *$100*.
1. Place the order using *$50* of store credit and *PayPal* as the payment method.
1. Create an invoice for the order above.
1. Start creating a credit memo with `Adjustment Fee` = *$50*, so that the `Grand Total` = *$0*.
1. Click **[!UICONTROL Refund]** to perform an online refund.

<u>Expected results</u>:

It shouldn't be possible to make refunds with a `Grand Total` = *$0*. The **[!UICONTROL Refund]** button should be disabled.

<u>Actual results</u>:

1. The credit memo isn't created. The error *PayPal gateway rejects the request. Internal Error (#10001: Internal Error).* appears.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
