---
title: 'ACP2E-4552: GraphQL response does not return company status'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4552 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where graphQL customer query does not return company status values.
feature: B2B, GraphQL
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
autotag-review: '2026-06-22T22:05:19.966Z'
TQID: 'https://experienceleague.adobe.com/Y1ACRaHcyj1JB6-jQ49p-eP1inSo8vc-u9BPRdOJFTk'
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: bd989d82-1e15-4534-88db-f1f51dd77ffa
    internal-label: Accounts
  - id: dac87252-6066-4d6e-a9d2-f6d84c323de7
    internal-label: Configuration
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
  - id: ff6a42d2-313e-452e-93a6-792e4fad9ff8
    internal-label: Developer
level_v2:
  - id: d378ca77-2da1-4f39-ad92-1917fe974a38
    internal-label: Experienced
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4552: GraphQL response does not return company status

The ACP2E-4552 patch fixes the issue where the company status is not returned in the GraphQL response. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.80 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4552. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce B2B 1.5.2-p3.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) B2B 1.5.2-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) B2B >=1.5.0 <1.5.3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The GraphQL response does not return the company status.

<u>Prerequisites</u>:

1. [!DNL B2B] is installed.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. In the Admin, go to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > *[!UICONTROL Settings]* > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL General]** > **[!UICONTROL B2B Features]**, and set **[!UICONTROL Enable Company]** to `Yes`.
1. Log in to the Commerce Admin as an administrator.
1. Create three companies with these statuses: Active, Rejected, and Pending Approval.
1. In the Admin, go to **[!UICONTROL Customers]** > **[!UICONTROL All Customers]**. Open a customer account, and from the **[!UICONTROL Associate to Company]** list, assign the customer to each of the created companies. 
1. Send the following GraphQL request:

   ```
   {
     customer {
       firstname
       lastname
       email
       status
       companies{
        items{
           id
           legal_name
           name
           status
        }
       }
     }
   }
   ```

<u>Expected results</u>:

The GraphQL response returns the correct status values (such as Active, Pending Approval, Rejected, and Blocked) for all companies associated with the customer. The response can also be filtered or sorted by company status.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The GraphQL response does not include the company status values for companies associated with the customer.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.