---
title: 'ACP2E-4156: [!DNL REST] API shipping address validation ignores Admin attribute configuration'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4156 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where REST API shipping address validation ignores customer address attribute configuration in Admin.
feature: REST, Customers
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
TQID: 'https://experienceleague.adobe.com/K9BFv0XII5lY7E2cvcZfFgxxY6CbNIR0s9Nhu134KAs'
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: d1e21356-0064-4f48-9089-16e3f0dbd2a6
    internal-label: Storefront
  - id: dac87252-6066-4d6e-a9d2-f6d84c323de7
    internal-label: Configuration
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4156: REST API shipping address validation ignores Admin attribute configuration

The ACP2E-4156 patch fixes the issue where shipping address validation in the REST API does not adhere to the attribute configuration defined in Admin. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.80 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4156. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p4

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p5

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where shipping address validation in the REST API does not adhere to the attribute configuration defined in Admin.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Go to Admin > **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Attributes]** > **[!UICONTROL Customer Address]**.
1. Open the attribute with an attribute code *firstname*.
1. Under **[!UICONTROL Attribute Properties]**, set:
    1. **[!UICONTROL Input Validation]**: Length Only.
    1. **[!UICONTROL Minimum Text Length]**: *1*.
    1. **[!UICONTROL Maximum Text Length]**: *20*.
1. Go to the storefront and add the test product to the cart.
1. Send a REST API request to /rest/default/V1/guest-carts/cartId/shipping-information to add or update shipping information with a firstname value longer than 20 characters.

<u>Expected results</u>:

An error is returned that notifies about the use of a firstname value that does not respect the configured length limit.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Shopping cart shipping information is successfully updated with the firstname value sent in the REST API request.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
