---
title: 'ACP2E-4813: USPS shipping methods unavailable or incorrect for multi-package orders'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4813 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where fixes missing USPS shipping methods and incorrect shipping estimates when orders are split into multiple packages.
feature: Shipping/Delivery
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
autotag-review: '2026-06-19T19:52:30.917Z'
TQID: 'https://experienceleague.adobe.com/E7sPqLM9NObwDRbLgvp1CkfP2XX-RHkoVbkzwdVEqKg'
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: c1256247-af4b-46d8-9dca-0c654ecfa157
    internal-label: Order Management System
  - id: d1e21356-0064-4f48-9089-16e3f0dbd2a6
    internal-label: Storefront
  - id: dac87252-6066-4d6e-a9d2-f6d84c323de7
    internal-label: Configuration
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4813: USPS shipping methods unavailable or incorrect for multi-package orders

The ACP2E-4813 patch fixes the issue where USPS shipping methods are unavailable at checkout, and shipping estimates are incorrect for certain products, including orders that split into multiple packages. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.80 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4813. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.10.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6-p3 - 2.4.6-p14, 2.4.7 - 2.4.7-p9, 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p4

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

USPS shipping methods are unavailable at checkout, and shipping estimates are incorrect for certain products, including orders that split into multiple packages.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. In the [!UICONTROL Admin], go to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Settings]** > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL Sales]** > **[!UICONTROL Delivery Methods]** > **[!UICONTROL USPS]** and configure *USPS* as a shipping method. Set `Maximum Package Weight` = *1 pound*.
1. Create a product with a weight of *0.15 pounds*.
1. On the storefront, add *15* units of the product to the shopping cart and use the **[!UICONTROL Estimate Tax and Shipping]** tool on the **[!UICONTROL Shopping Cart]** page to calculate shipping.
1. Check the shipment logs for the shipping estimate details.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The logs show the shipment is correctly split into multiple packages.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The logs show the shipment is split into multiple packages incorrectly, resulting in incorrect shipping estimates.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
