---
title: 'ACSD-67639: Creating a credit memo fails for bundle products with **[!UICONTROL Dynamic Price]** set to *No*.'
description: Apply the ACSD-67639 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where creating a credit memo fails for bundle products with **[!UICONTROL Dynamic Price]** set to *No*. Credit memos can now be created successfully without errors.
feature: Admin Workspace, Products, Orders
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-67639: Creating a credit memo fails for bundle products with **[!UICONTROL Dynamic Price]** set to *No*.

The ACSD-67639 patch fixes the issue where Creating a credit memo fails for bundle products with **[!UICONTROL Dynamic Price]** set to *No*. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.72 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67639. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where creating a credit memo fails for bundle products with Dynamic Price set to No.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a Bundle product with **[!UICONTROL Dynamic Price]** set to *No*.
1. Add two options, each with one simple product.
1. On frontend, add the newly created bundle product to cart.
1. Proceed to checkout and place the order using **[!UICONTROL Check / Money order]**".
1. Go to admin and open the newly created order.
1. Go to invoice and click submit invoice.
1. Go to credit memo and click **[!UICONTROL Refund Offline]**.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Credit memo is created without errors.

<u>Actual results</u>:

  * Credit memo is not created.
  * Error displayed: `We found an invalid quantity to refund item 'bundle_product_name`.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
