---
title: 'ACSD-68092: Bundle product options are lost after multiple saves due to improper synchronization between scheduled updates and base product data'
description: Apply the ACSD-68092 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where bundle product options are lost after multiple saves due to improper synchronization between scheduled updates and base product data.
feature: 
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68092: Bundle product options are lost after multiple saves due to improper synchronization between scheduled updates and base product data

The ACSD-68092 patch fixes the issue where bundle product options are lost after multiple saves due to improper synchronization between scheduled updates and base product data. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.72 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68092. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce .

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p2

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where bundle product options are lost after multiple saves due to improper synchronization between scheduled updates and base product data.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a simple product
 - Create a bundle product with 1 dropdown option and associate the simple product
 - Create a content staging update with starting and end date in the future (for example to change the name)
 - Make sure you leave the popup where you created the content staging, so you are back to edit the data of the product before the content staging start
 - delete the existing option and save
 - recreate the option (dropdown with the simple product associated) and save
 - save twice
 - observe that the simple product is not associated anymore
 - save again

<u>Expected results</u>:

The existing or newly created options and their associated products shouldn't be removed when saving multiple time a bundle product with a planned scheduled update

<u>Actual results</u>:

Options and their associated products are removed when saving multiple time a bundle product with a planned scheduled update

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.