---
title: 'ACSD-68118: `customerCart` [!DNL GraphQL] query returns incorrect product attribute values for store view'
description: Apply the ACSD-68118 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the `customerCart` [!DNL GraphQL] query returns product attribute values that don't reflect the store view set in the request [!UICONTROL Store] header, causing inconsistent localization.
feature: GraphQL, Shopping Cart
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68118: `customerCart` [!DNL GraphQL] query returns incorrect product attribute values for store view

The ACSD-68118 patch fixes the issue where the `customerCart` [!DNL GraphQL] query returns product attribute values that don't reflect the store view set in the request **[!UICONTROL Store]** header, causing inconsistent localization. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.72 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68118. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p2

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The [!DNL GraphQL] `customerCart` query returns product attributes that ignore the **[!UICONTROL Store]** header, leading to incorrect localization for store views.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a new store view under an existing store.
1. Create a product.
1. Set a different [!UICONTROL product name] value for the default store view.
1. Create a customer account.
1. Add the product to the cart as a logged-in user using [!DNL GraphQL].
1. Fetch the cart data for both store views by changing the **[!UICONTROL Store]** header.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Product data (for example, name, description) should match the store view specified in the **[!UICONTROL Store]** header.

<u>Actual results</u>:

1. Product data doesn't reflect the store-specific values.
1. Changing the **[!UICONTROL Store]** header doesn't affect the returned product attributes.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
