---
title: 'ACSD-66807: `report_viewed_product_index` table shows an incorrect count of product page views'
description: Apply the ACSD-66807 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where `report_viewed_product_index` table shows an incorrect count of product page views.
feature: Reporting
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-66807: `report_viewed_product_index` table shows an incorrect count of product page views

The ACSD-66807 patch fixes the issue where `report_viewed_product_index` table shows an incorrect count of product page views. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.72 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-66807. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p5

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

`report_viewed_product_index` table shows an incorrect count of product page views.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Go to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > *[!UICONTROL Settings]* > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL General]** > **[!UICONTROL Reports]**. Set **[!UICONTROL Enable "Product View" Report]** to *Yes*.
1. Clear cache.
1. Visit a product page on the frontend (for example, product "A").
1. Check the `report_viewed_product_index` table and see a record for product "A".
1. Refresh the page (or open it in an incognito tab).

<u>Expected results</u>:

There should be two records in the `report_viewed_product_index` table for product "A".

<u>Actual results</u>:

Only one record exists in the `report_viewed_product_index` table for product "A".

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
