---
title: 'ACSD-67696: media_gallery entries not returning in the Cart GraphQL product node after a cache flush'
description: Apply the ACSD-67696 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where media_gallery entries not returning in the Cart GraphQL product node after a cache flush.
feature: Cache, Media
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-67696: media_gallery entries not returning in the Cart GraphQL product node after a cache flush

The ACSD-67696 patch fixes the issue where media_gallery entries not returning in the Cart GraphQL product node after a cache flush. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.72 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67696. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p6

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

`media_gallery` entries not returning in the Cart GraphQL product node after a cache flush

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Add images to a product ex. SKU `product_dynamic_23` (no need to select any options like Base Image, Small Image, or Thumbnail Image)
1. Call the Product GraphQL and see the product images inside the media_gallery entry in the product GraphQL.

```
{
  products(filter: { sku: { eq: "product_dynamic_23" } }) {
    items {
      name
      sku
      url_key
      stock_status
			media_gallery {
          url
          label
			}
      price_range {
        minimum_price {
          regular_price {
            value
            currency
          }
        }
      }
    }
    total_count
    page_info {
      page_size
    }
  }
}
```

1. Add this product to cart and check the getCart Query
    1. media_gallery inside the product node in the cart items node.
1. Flush the cache from the admin
    1. media_gallery node is empty inside the product node in the getCart Query
1. To view media_gallery entries in the getCart query, first call the product GraphQL query, then call getCart.

<u>Expected results</u>:

even after cache flush getCart GraphQL return media_gallery values

<u>Actual results</u>:

media_gallery becomes empty after cache flush, resulting in inconsistency
## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
