---
title: 'ACSD-67941: GraphQL requests with unknown filter names cause PHP exception logs'
description: Apply the ACSD-67941 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where GraphQL requests with unknown filter names cause PHP exception logs.
feature: GraphQL
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-67941: GraphQL requests with unknown filter names cause PHP exception logs

The ACSD-67941 patch fixes the issue where GraphQL requests with unknown filter names cause PHP exception logs. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.72 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67941. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p7

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p1 - 2.4.7-p7

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

GraphQL requests that include unknown filter names trigger PHP exception logs.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Send GraphQL request with unknown/incorrect filter name:

```
query Test($filter: FindFilterType){ cmsBlocks(identifiers:["home"]) { items { title } } }
```

<u>Expected results</u>:

A *4XX* response code is returned when it's impossible to parse the request, the request is not authorized, or there is another general problem with the request. If the request is parsed and can be processed, a *200* response code should be returned.

<u>Actual results</u>:

*Internal server error* returned in response with the following error in `exception.log`:

```
report.CRITICAL: LogicException: Config element "FindFilterType" is not declared in GraphQL schema in /test/lib/internal/Magento/Framework/GraphQl/Config.php:57
```

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.