---
title: 'ACSD-67946: Cart update shows duplicate error banners'
description: Apply the ACSD-67946 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where cart update shows duplicate error banners.
feature: Shopping Cart
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---
# ACSD-67946: Cart update shows duplicate error banners

The ACSD-67946 patch fixes the issue where cart update shows duplicate error banners. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.72 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67946. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p7

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The cart shows duplicate error banners when items are out of stock.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. In the admin panel, create a simple product (for example, [!DNL s1]).
    1. Select **[!UICONTROL Advanced Inventory]**
    1. Set **[!UICONTROL Quantity]** to 3 and **[!UICONTROL Out-of-Stock Threshold]** to 1
    1. Click **[!UICONTROL Save]**
1. Reindex the product
1. In the frontend, add the product to the cart with a quantity of 2
1. In the admin panel, modify the product by setting **[!UICONTROL Out-of-Stock Threshold]** to 2
1. Reindex the product again
1. In the frontend, go to the cart and change the product quantity to 3
1. Click **[!UICONTROL Update Shopping Cart]**


<u>Expected results</u>:

A single message appears, informing the customer of insufficient stock.

<u>Actual results</u>:

Two messages appear, both stating insufficient stock in slightly different ways.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
