---
title: 'ACSD-68011: Non-Existent SKUs assigned to shared catalog via /V1/sharedCatalog/:id/assignProducts API'
description: Apply the ACSD-68011 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where non-existent SKUs assigned to shared catalog via /V1/sharedCatalog/:id/assignProducts API.
feature: 
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---
# ACSD-68011: Non-Existent SKUs assigned to shared catalog via `/V1/sharedCatalog/:id/assignProducts` API

The ACSD-68011 patch fixes the issue where non-existent SKUs assigned to shared catalog via `/V1/sharedCatalog/:id/assignProducts` API. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.72 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68011. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce B2B 1.5.3.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p6 (B2B 1.5.2-p1)

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p4 - 2.4.8-p2 (B2B 1.5.1 - 1.5.2-p2)

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Non-existent SKUs are assigned to a shared catalog via `/V1/sharedCatalog/:id/assignProducts` REST API.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Send a POST request to assign a non-existent SKU to a shared catalog using the `/rest/V1/sharedCatalog/1/assignProducts` endpoint.

```
curl --location 'https://example.test/rest/V1/sharedCatalog/1/assignProducts' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer bearer_value' \
--data '{
 "products": [
 { 
 "sku": "test_not_existing2"
 }
 ]
}'
```

<u>Expected results</u>:

The API throws a validation error and does not add or display the non-existent SKU in the shared catalog.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The API does not validate the SKU. The non-existent SKU is added and appears in the shared catalog.

```
curl --location 'https://example.test/rest/V1/sharedCataloproducts' --header 'Authorization: Bearer bearer_value' ;
["test_test_not_existing2"]
```


## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
