---
title: "ACSD-67187: Admin users restricted to non-default websites get *Please create at least a public shared catalog to proceed* error"
description: Apply the ACSD-67187 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where admin users restricted to non-default websites see the error "Please create at least a public shared catalog to proceed" and cannot access the "Add New Company" button on the Company grid.
feature: Admin Workspace
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-67187: Admin users restricted to non-default websites get *Please create at least a public shared catalog to proceed* error

The ACSD-67187 patch fixes the issue where admin users restricted to non-default websites see the error *Please create at least a public shared catalog to proceed* and can't access the **[!UICONTROL Add New Company]** button on the Company grid. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.72 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67187. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce B2B 1.5.3.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 (B2B 1.5.3)

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p4 - 2.4.8-p2 (B2B 1.5.1 - 1.5.2-p2)

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Admin users restricted to non-default websites see the error *Please create at least a public shared catalog to proceed* and can't access the **[!UICONTROL Add New Company]** button on the Company grid.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Install B2B.
1. Enable [!UICONTROL Company] and [!UICONTROL Shared Catalog] features.
1. Create a second website/store/storeview.
1. Create a custom [!UICONTROL user role] with all permissions, but with access to new website only.
1. Create a new user and assign it to new [!UICONTROL user role] created before.
1. Login as a new user and go to **[!UICONTROL Customers]** > **[!UICONTROL Company]**.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The [!UICONTROL Companies] grid appears and functions normally.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The error *Please create at least a public shared catalog to proceed.* appears on the [!UICONTROL Companies] grid.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
