---
title: 'ACSD-67383: Error when logging in as a Customer with two company admin accounts simultaneously'
description: Apply the ACSD-67383 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where attempting to use [!UICONTROL Login as Customer] for two company admin accounts simultaneously without ending the first session, results in a *No such entity with cartId* error.
feature: B2B, Customers
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-67383: Error when logging in as a Customer with two company admin accounts simultaneously

The ACSD-67383 patch fixes the issue where attempting to use [!UICONTROL Login as Customer] for two company admin accounts simultaneously without ending the first session results in a *No such entity with cartId* error. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.72 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67383. 

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p4

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.7-p7

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Attempting to use [!UICONTROL Login as Customer] for two company admin accounts without closing the first session results in a *No such entity with cartId* exception. This also creates an isolated entry in the quote table.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Install clean instance with [!DNL B2B].
1. Create a new Company.
1. Create two separate Company administrators. 
1. Navigate to [!UICONTROL Customers] > [!UICONTROL All Customers]. 
1. Enable [!UICONTROL Allow Remote Shopping Assistance] for each of the newly created company admin users.
1. Select one company admin and click [!UICONTROL Login as Customer] to initiate the login session.
1. Without closing the current session, click [!UICONTROL Login as Customer] for the other company admin to attempt another login.

<u>Expected results</u>:

Login should be allowed without empty records being created in the quote table.

<u>Actual results</u>:

An error 'No such entity with cartId = 22' is returned, and empty records are created in the quote table.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
