---
title: 'ACSD-67424: updated_at value in GET /carts/search REST API response doesn't match value in Admin Panel for [!UICONTROL Negotiable Quotes]'
description: Apply the ACSD-67424 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the updated_at value in the GET /carts/search REST API response doesn't match the value in the Admin Panel when using [!UICONTROL Negotiable Quotes].
feature: REST, B2B, Quotes
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-67424: updated_at value in GET /carts/search REST API response doesn't match value in Admin Panel for [!UICONTROL Negotiable Quotes]

The ACSD-67424 patch fixes the issue where the `updated_at` value in the `GET /carts/search` REST API response doesn't match the value in the Admin Panel when using **[!UICONTROL Negotiable Quotes]**. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.72 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67424. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p4

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p3 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The `updated_at` value in the `GET /carts/search` REST API response doesn't match the value shown in the Admin Panel when using [!UICONTROL Negotiable Quotes].

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Enable Company and [!DNL B2B] Quote.
1. Create a new quote in the Admin Panel.
1. Add any product to the quote and click **[!UICONTROL Send]**.
1. Log in on the frontend as a company user and go to **[!UICONTROL My Quotes]**.
1. Click **[!UICONTROL View action]**, add a shipping address, and click **[!UICONTROL Send for Review]**.
1. In the Admin Panel, select a shipping method for the quote and click **[!UICONTROL Send]**.
1. Return to **[!UICONTROL My Quotes]** from the storefront, select the **[!UICONTROL Quote]** and click **[!UICONTROL Proceed to Checkout]**.
1. Place the order.
1. Use the `updated_at` value from the quote table in the database to retrieve quote information via REST API.

    ```
    /rest/V1/carts/search?searchCriteria[filterGroups][0][filters][0][field]=updated_at&searchCriteria[filterGroups][0][filters][0][value]=
    {QUOTE_UPDATED_AT}&searchCriteria[filterGroups][0][filters][0][condition_type]=gteq
    ```

1. Compare the `updated_at` value from the API response with the [!UICONTROL Updated at] value in the [!UICONTROL Quotes] grid of the Admin Panel.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The `updated_at` values in the REST API response and the Admin Panel are the same (considering the timezone differences).

<u>Actual results</u>:

The REST API response returns an incorrect `updated_at` value that doesn't match the [!UICONTROL Updated at] value in the [!UICONTROL Quotes] grid of the Admin Panel.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
