---
title: 'ACP2E-4709: CMS pages do not save in Page Builder when the page hierarchy includes double quotes'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4709 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where CMS pages fail to save in Page Builder when the page hierarchy includes double quotes.
feature: CMS
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
autotag-review: '2026-07-20T20:32:02.997Z'
TQID: 'https://experienceleague.adobe.com/Ch7tV7E8ldLP4qLq83UrzBTLaErqXEaGmUip903YfT8'
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: dac87252-6066-4d6e-a9d2-f6d84c323de7
    internal-label: Configuration
subfeature_v2:
  - id: adedf3b3-e153-47a3-ae73-b5d65067b544
    internal-label: Build system
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
  - id: ff6a42d2-313e-452e-93a6-792e4fad9ff8
    internal-label: Developer
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4709: CMS pages do not save in Page Builder when the page hierarchy includes double quotes

The ACP2E-4709 patch fixes the issue where CMS pages fail to save in Page Builder when the page hierarchy includes double quotes. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.81 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4709. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p9

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7 - 2.4.8-p5

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

CMS pages fail to save in Page Builder when the page hierarchy includes double quotes.

<u>Prerequisites</u>:

Page Builder is enabled.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:
 
1. In the Admin sidebar, go to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **Settings** > **Configuration**. In the left panel under **[!UICONTROL General]**, choose **Content Management**.
1. Expand **[!UICONTROL CMS Page Hierarchy]**, set **[!UICONTROL Enable Hierarchy Functionality]** to **[!UICONTROL Yes]**, and click **[!UICONTROL Save Config]**.
1. In the Admin sidebar, go to **Content** > **[!UICONTROL Elements]** > **[!UICONTROL Pages]** and click **[!UICONTROL Add New Page]**.
1. Enter a page title that includes double quotes, place the page under the website root on the **Hierarchy** tab, and click **[!UICONTROL Save]**.
1. Use Page Builder to add content to the page, and click **[!UICONTROL Save]**.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The new CMS page saves successfully without errors.

<u>Actual results</u>:

- The new CMS page does not save.
- The browser console displays the following error: `Uncaught SyntaxError: JSON.parse: expected ',' or '}' after property value in object at line 1 column 79 of the JSON data`.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
