---
title: 'ACP2E-4680: Non-salable products disappear from finalized negotiable quotes'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4680 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where non-salable products disappear from finalized negotiable quotes.
feature: B2B, Quotes
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4680: Non-salable products disappear from finalized negotiable quotes

The ACP2E-4680 patch fixes the issue where non-salable products disappear from finalized negotiable quotes. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.81 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4680. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce B2B 1.5.4.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) B2B 1.5.2-p4

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) B2B >=1.5.0 <1.5.3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

When a negotiable quote is finalized, products that are no longer salable are automatically removed and no longer appear in the quote.

<u>Prerequisites</u>:

Adobe Commerce [!DNL B2B] is installed.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. On the Admin sidebar, go to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Settings]** > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL General]** > **[!UICONTROL B2B]** Features. Set **[!UICONTROL Enable Company]** to **[!UICONTROL Yes]** and **[!UICONTROL Enable B2B Quote]** to **[!UICONTROL Yes]**.
1. Create and activate a company account.
1. Create two simple products.
1. Log in to the storefront as the company administrator.
1. Add both products to the shopping cart.
1. From the shopping cart, request a quote.
1. On the Admin sidebar, go to **[!UICONTROL Sales]** > **[!UICONTROL Quotes]**, open the quote, apply a discount, and click **[!UICONTROL Send]**.
1. On the storefront, open **[!UICONTROL My Quotes]**, select the quote, and place the order.
1. Verify that the quote is locked and read-only in both the Admin and the storefront.
1. On the Admin sidebar, go to **[!UICONTROL Catalog]** > **[!UICONTROL Products]**, open one of the simple products that was included in the quote, and delete the product.
1. Open the quote details in both the Admin and the storefront.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The deleted product should remain visible in the quote in both the Admin and the storefront.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The deleted product is missing from the quote in both the Admin and the storefront.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
