---
title: 'ACP2E-4300: Storefront catalog permissions not updating after Admin customer group change'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4300 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue of storefront catalog permissions and cart data after an Admin customer group change.
feature: Catalog Management, Customers
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
TQID: 'https://experienceleague.adobe.com/Py4Kp0GTjC4qofq-nJIS4-gIYbO2MqqWfJuZxwO4fW4'
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: bd989d82-1e15-4534-88db-f1f51dd77ffa
    internal-label: Accounts
  - id: c18ed297-2187-4aec-affb-9d9654eca6fc
    internal-label: Catalog management
  - id: d1e21356-0064-4f48-9089-16e3f0dbd2a6
    internal-label: Storefront
  - id: dac87252-6066-4d6e-a9d2-f6d84c323de7
    internal-label: Configuration
subfeature_v2:
  - id: ae62cf09-5996-4921-bda8-fbe67b62e470
    internal-label: Storefront configuration
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
  - id: ff6a42d2-313e-452e-93a6-792e4fad9ff8
    internal-label: Developer
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4300: Storefront catalog permissions not updating after Admin customer group change

The ACP2E-4300 patch fixes the issue where changing a customer group in the Admin does not update catalog permissions on the Storefront, causing the catalog and cart to reflect outdated permissions. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.81 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4300. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p5

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.5 - 2.4.8-p5

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Changing a customer group in the Admin does not update catalog permissions on the Storefront, causing the catalog and cart to reflect outdated permissions.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. In Admin, go to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **Settings** > **Configuration**. In the left panel, expand **[!UICONTROL Catalog]** and choose **Catalog**. Expand **[!UICONTROL Category Permissions]**. Set Enable** to **[!UICONTROL Yes]**. Set **[!UICONTROL Allow Browsing Category]** to **[!UICONTROL Yes]**, for **[!UICONTROL Specified Customer Groups]**. Select **[!UICONTROL General]** in Customer Groups. 
1. Create a simple product and assign it to a category.
1. Go to **Catalog** > **[!UICONTROL Categories]**, select the category, expand **[!UICONTROL Category Permissions]**, click **[!UICONTROL New Permission]**, choose the applicable **Website** and **[!UICONTROL Customer Group]** as retailer, and set **[!UICONTROL Browsing Category]**, **[!UICONTROL Display Product Prices]**, and **[!UICONTROL Add to Cart]** to **[!UICONTROL Deny]**.
1. Create a customer account on the storefront with the default **[!UICONTROL General]** customer group.
1. Add the product to the cart.
1. Go to **[!UICONTROL Customers]** > **[!UICONTROL All Customers]**. Select the customer, set the **[!UICONTROL Actions]** control to **[!UICONTROL Assign a Customer Group]**, choose **[!UICONTROL Retailer]**, and click **[!UICONTROL OK]** when prompted to confirm.
1. Refresh the cart or proceed to the checkout on the storefront.

<u>Expected results</u>:

1. Restricted products should be removed from the cart when the customer proceeds to checkout.
1. Restricted products should not be available to add to the cart from the category page.

<u>Actual results</u>:

1. The product remains in the cart.
1. The customer can place an order for the product.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
