---
title: 'ACP2E-4801: Bundle product option quantities don't update when reconfiguring a negotiable quote in Admin'
description: Apply the ACP2E-4801 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where bundle product option quantities do not update when reconfiguring a negotiable quote in Admin.
feature: B2B, Quotes
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
TQID: 'https://experienceleague.adobe.com/cRKJ9vGv3ShV4nZT-AtSQnlVD8GYvU-gNvdmpEABaz0'
product_v2:
  - id: eadea719-cf89-469b-a6fd-a236a7138047
    internal-label: Commerce
feature_v2:
  - id: bd989d82-1e15-4534-88db-f1f51dd77ffa
    internal-label: Accounts
  - id: d1e21356-0064-4f48-9089-16e3f0dbd2a6
    internal-label: Storefront
  - id: dac87252-6066-4d6e-a9d2-f6d84c323de7
    internal-label: Configuration
subfeature_v2:
  - id: f56d26ed-050b-4fb7-b29b-8e6e994e80a2
    internal-label: B2B
role_v2:
  - id: c66ffd68-0f65-42bb-aa23-b4020f12e0bd
    internal-label: Admin
  - id: ff6a42d2-313e-452e-93a6-792e4fad9ff8
    internal-label: Developer
topic_v2:
  - id: c1579802-ddd4-4214-8a91-97b2066abe11
    internal-label: Troubleshooting
---

# ACP2E-4801: Bundle product option quantities don't update when reconfiguring a negotiable quote in Admin

The ACP2E-4801 patch fixes the issue where bundle product option quantities were not updated when reconfiguring a negotiable quote from the admin panel. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.81 is installed. The patch ID is ACP2E-4801. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce B2B 1.5.2-p4.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) B2B 1.5.2-p4

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) B2B >=1.4.2 <1.5.3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Bundle product option quantities are not updated when reconfiguring a negotiable quote from the admin panel.

<u>Prerequisites</u>:

Adobe Commerce [!DNL B2B] is installed.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. In Admin, go to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Settings]** > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL General]** > [!DNL B2B] Features.
    1. Set **[!UICONTROL Enable Company]** to **[!UICONTROL Yes]**.
    1. Set **[!UICONTROL Enable B2B Quote]** to **[!UICONTROL Yes]**.
1. Create a bundle product with two options.
1. Check **[!UICONTROL User Defined]** check box for quantity.
1. Create a company account on the storefront.
1. Sign in with the company account and add the bundle product to the shopping cart.
1. Submit a negotiable quote request from the shopping cart.
1. In Admin, go to **[!UICONTROL Sales]** > **[!UICONTROL Quotes]** and open the created quote.
1. In the quote line item, select **[!UICONTROL Configure]**.
1. Change the bundle option quantity in the configuration dialog.
1. Click **[!UICONTROL OK]** and check the quantity shown in the quote.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The updated bundle option quantity should be reflected in the quote.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The updated bundle option quantity is not reflected in the quote.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
