---
title: 'ACSD-68359: Selecting a store during checkout using "Pick in Store" no longer fails due to long URLs when many products are in the cart. Previously, this triggered a 414 error caused by excessively long URLs generated during store sel'
description: Apply the ACSD-68359 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the "Search for pickup location" endpoint returns a 414 error when adding 100+ products to the cart and selecting the "Pick in Store" option.
feature: Checkout, Inventory
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68359: Selecting a store during checkout using "Pick in Store" no longer fails due to long URLs when many products are in the cart. Previously, this triggered a 414 error caused by excessively long URLs generated during store sel

The ACSD-68359 patch fixes the issue where the "Search for pickup location" endpoint returns a 414 error when adding 100+ products to the cart and selecting the "Pick in Store" option. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.75 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68359. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p2

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p3 

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where the "Search for pickup location" endpoint returns a 414 error when adding 100+ products to the cart and selecting the "Pick in Store" option.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Add 100 products to the cart via Quick Order.
1. Select the "Pick in Store" option at checkout.
1. Observe the 414 error returned by the "Search for pickup location" endpoint.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The "Search for pickup location" endpoint should function correctly regardless of the number of products in the cart.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The "Search for pickup location" endpoint returns a 414 error when the cart contains around 100 products.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.