---
title: 'ACSD-68925: GraphQL responses now follow HTTP specs, returning 4XX for unparseable, unauthorized, or invalid requests'
description: Apply the ACSD-68925 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where GraphQL requests with unknown filter names cause PHP Exception Logs.
feature: GraphQL
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68925: GraphQL responses now follow HTTP specs, returning 4XX for unparseable, unauthorized, or invalid requests

This patch ensures that GraphQL now returns appropriate HTTP status codes when requests are unparseable, unauthorized, or otherwise invalid. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.75 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68925. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p3

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Previously, invalid GraphQL requests generated internal server errors instead of the correct 4XX responses defined by the GraphQL over HTTP specification.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

Send GraphQL request with an unknown/incorrect filter name.

```
  {
    cmsBlocks(identifiers: ["home"]) {
    items {
      title
      }
    }
  }
```

<u>Expected results</u>:

A 4XX response code is returned when it's impossible to parse the request, the request is not authorized, or there is another general problem with the request. If the request is parsed and can be processed, a 200 response code should be returned.

<u>Actual results</u>:

*Internal server error* returned in response with the following error in exception.log.

```
report.CRITICAL: LogicException: Config element "FindFilterType" is not declared in GraphQL schema in lib/internal/Magento/Framework/GraphQl/Config.php:57
```

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
