---
title: 'ACSD-68490: [!UICONTROL Add New Attribute] button visible to restricted admin during configurable product creation'
description: Apply the ACSD-68490 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where [!UICONTROL Add New Attribute] button is visible for restricted admin during configurable product creation.
feature: Admin Workspace, Attributes
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---
# ACSD-68490: **[!UICONTROL Add New Attribute]** button visible to restricted admin during configurable product creation

The ACSD-68490 patch fixes the issue where **[!UICONTROL Add New Attribute]** button is visible to a restricted admin during configurable product creation. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.75 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68490. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6 - 2.4.6-p13

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The **[!UICONTROL Add New Attribute]** button is visible to a restricted admin during configurable product creation.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create an additional website, store, and store view.
1. Create an admin role that has access only to the new website and assign all resources.
1. Create a restricted admin user and assign the new role to this user.
1. Log in to the Admin as the restricted user.
1. Create a new configurable product.


<u>Expected results</u>:

The **[!UICONTROL Create New Attribute]** button is not available to the restricted admin user.

<u>Actual results</u>:

A 404 page is displayed.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
