---
title: 'ACSD‑68793: Valid products get rejected during shared catalog assignment'
description: Apply the ACSD-68793 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where valid products were incorrectly rejected when assigning them to a shared catalog.
feature: B2B, REST
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68793: Valid products were incorrectly rejected when assigning them to a shared catalog

The ACSD-68793 patch fixes the issue where valid products are incorrectly rejected during shared catalog assignment. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.75 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68793. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce [!DNL B2B] 1.5.3.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) [!DNL B2B] 1.5.2-p1

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) [!DNL B2B] 1.5.1 - 1.5.2-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Valid products are incorrectly rejected during shared catalog assignment through the REST API, and the system returns an error stating that existing SKUs don’t exist.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a few products.
1. In the **[!UICONTROL Admin]** sidebar, navigate to **[!UICONTROL Catalog]** > **[!UICONTROL Shared Catalog]**.
1. Click **[!UICONTROL Add Shared Catalog]** and create a shared catalog.
1. Assign all products to the shared catalog you created.
1. Send a REST API request to `/rest/V1/sharedCatalog/3/assignProducts` with the list of SKUs for existing products to assign them to the shared catalog.

<u>Expected results</u>:

A successful response should be returned, and the error should be returned only for the products that don't exist.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The system returns the error *Requested product doesn't exist: %sku.* for an existing SKU.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
