---
title: 'ACSD-68573: Category permissions were not applied properly to customer wishlist items. After the fix, wishlist items are properly displayed and paginated in both the web and GraphQL'
description: Apply the ACSD-68573 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where category permissions were not applied properly for customer wishlist items.
feature: Catalog Management
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68573: Category permissions were not applied properly to customer wishlist items. After the fix, wishlist items are properly displayed and paginated in both the web and GraphQL

The ACSD-68573 patch fixes the issue where category permissions were not applied properly to customer wishlist items. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.75 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68573. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.7-p6

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.5 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Category permissions were not applied correctly to customer wishlist items.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a customer and assign only the "Retailer" customer group.
1. Navigate to **[!UICONTROL Stores]** > **[!UICONTROL Configuration]** > **[!UICONTROL Catalog]** > **[!UICONTROL Catalog]** > **[!UICONTROL Category Permissions]** and set:
    1. **[!UICONTROL Enabled]**: Yes
    1. **[!UICONTROL Allow Browsing Category]**: Yes, for Specified Customer Groups
    1. **[!UICONTROL Customer Groups]**: Retailer
1. Go to **[!UICONTROL Catalog]** > **[!UICONTROL Categories]** and create a new category.
1. Set category permissions to **[!UICONTROL Allow]** for all three options for the **[!UICONTROL Retailer]** group.
1. Modify another category (the existing category that already contains 10 products).
1. Set category permissions to **[!UICONTROL Allow]** for all three options for **[!UICONTROL All Customer Groups]**.
1. Add any products to the new category.
1. Execute the reindex process.
1. On the Storefront, log in as the customer.
1. Add products from the New category to the wishlist.
1. Add all 10 products from the old category to the wishlist.
1. Change the customer group to **[!UICONTROL General]** in the Admin panel.
1. Log out and log back in as the customer on the Storefront.
1. Open the wishlist.

<u>Expected results</u>:

1. The wishlist should display "Items 1 of 10 total."
1. Only the product not from the "Code Bank" category should be visible in the wishlist.
1. Pagination should indicate "Page 1 of 1."

<u>Actual results</u>:

1. The wishlist displays "Items 1 to 9 of 11 total."
1. The message "You have no items in your wish list" is shown.
1. Pagination indicates "Page 1 of 2."

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
