---
title: 'ACSD-68289: Full-text search now returns matching products if the minimum match condition is met across all searchable fields collectively, rather than requiring the condition to be satisfied by a single field'
description: Apply the ACSD-68289 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where full-text search now returns matching products if the minimum match condition is met across all searchable fields collectively, rather than requiring the condition to be satisfied by a single field.
feature: Search
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68289: Full-text search now returns matching products if the minimum match condition is met across all searchable fields collectively, rather than requiring the condition to be satisfied by a single field

The ACSD-68289 patch fixes the issue where full-text search now returns matching products if the minimum match condition is met across all searchable fields collectively, rather than requiring the condition to be satisfied by a single field. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.75 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68289. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p2

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where full-text search now returns matching products if the minimum match condition is met across all searchable fields collectively, rather than requiring the condition to be satisfied by a single field.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create product attribute.
    1. Name: Model Year
    1. Type: Text
    1. Use In Search: Yes
1. Add attribute to default attribute set.
1. Create product.
    1. Name: Honda Jazz GDI
    1. Model Year: 2008
1. Set 'Minimum Terms to Match" under search settings to '3<-1 5<50%' without quotes.
1. Run full reindex.
1. Search for '2008 honda' in the storefront.
1. Observe the results.

<u>Expected results</u>:

The product should appear with search results.

<u>Actual results</u>:

No search results returned.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.