---
title: 'ACSD-68517: Fixes a form resubmission error on [!UICONTROL Catalog] and [!UICONTROL Catalog Search] pages'
description: Apply the ACSD-68517 patch to fix a form resubmission error that appears when using the browser back button on [!UICONTROL Catalog] and [!UICONTROL Catalog Search] pages.
feature: Cache
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-68517: Fixes a form resubmission error on [!UICONTROL Catalog] and [!UICONTROL Catalog Search] pages

The ACSD-68517 patch fixes the issue where a form resubmission error that appears when using the browser back button on [!UICONTROL Catalog] and [!UICONTROL Catalog Search] pages. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.75 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68517. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6-p12

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.6-p13

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Issue where fixes a form resubmission error on Catalog and Catalog Search pages.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Set [!UICONTROL Remember Category Pagination] configuration to *Yes*.
2. Search for a product on the Storefront.
3. Change the list order to anything other than the default 'Relevance' in the search results page.
4. Go to a product page.
5. Click the browser back button.
 

<u>Expected results</u>:

The Search result page should load when the browser's back button is clicked.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The "Confirm Form Resubmission" dialog appears when the browser's back button is clicked.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
