---
title: 'ACSD‑68615: Inventory reservation compensation CLI exception on missing order ID'
description: Apply the ACSD-68615 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the inventory reservation compensation CLI showed an exception if the processed combination had a missing order ID.
feature: Inventory
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD‑68615: Inventory reservation compensation CLI exception on missing order ID

The ACSD-68615 patch fixes the issue where the inventory reservation compensation CLI showed an exception if the processed combination had a missing order ID. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.75 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-68615. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.6-p12

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.4 - 2.4.8-p3

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

The inventory reservation compensation CLI showed an exception if the processed combination had a missing order ID.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

Run the command:

```
bin/magento inventory:reservation:create-compensations 000000003:Test:-1:3
```

<u>Expected results</u>:

No error is returned. There is validation in place to ensure that the specified order and product exist, and the command is skipped for any non‑existent order or product.

<u>Actual results</u>:

```
There is an error in app/code/Magento/InventoryReservationCli/Command/Input/GetReservationFromCompensationArgument.php at line: 105
Call to a member function getEntityId() on false#0 app/code/Magento/InventoryReservationCli/Command/CreateCompensations.php(136):
```

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
