---
title: 'ACSD-67459: Unable to import products with descriptions longer than 65,536 characters'
description: Apply the ACSD-67459 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where products with descriptions longer than 65,536 characters can't be imported.
feature: Data Import/Export, Products
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-67459: Unable to import products with descriptions longer than 65,536 characters

The ACSD-67459 patch fixes the issue where products with descriptions longer than 65,536 characters can't be imported. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.71 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67459. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.5-p7

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods)  2.4.5 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Products with descriptions longer than 65,536 characters can't be imported.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Prepare a CSV file for product import and set the product description to be greater than 65,536 characters.
1. Go to **[!UICONTROL System]** > **[!UICONTROL Data Transfer]** > **[!UICONTROL Import]** and use the previously created file for import.
1. Click **[!UICONTROL Check Data]**.

<u>Expected results</u>:

* Import data is successfully checked.
* Product import is successfully completed.

<u>Actual results</u>:

* The following error appears: *Attribute description exceeded max length in row*.
* Product import isn't completed.

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
