---
title: "ACSD-67904: orders can't be placed if the city name contains digits (0–9), ampersand (&), period (.), or parentheses ()"
description: Apply the ACSD-67904 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the checkout fails when city names contain digits (0–9), ampersand (&), period (.), or parentheses ().
feature: Checkout, Attributes
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-67904: orders can't be placed if the city name contains digits (0–9), ampersand (&), period (.), or parentheses ()

The ACSD-67904 patch fixes the issue where orders can not be placed if the city name contains digits, ampersands (&), periods (.), or parentheses, and documents a fix that allows such city names to be processed without validation errors. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.71 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67904. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

Orders can't be placed if the city name contains digits (0–9), ampersand (&), period (.), or parentheses ().

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Add a simple product to the cart.
1. Go to the checkout. 
1. On the address page enter any of the following city names:

    * St. Moritz
    * St. Petersburg
    * Brighton & Hove
    * St. Davids
    * 29 Palms

1. Try to place the order. 


<u>Expected results</u>:

The order is successfully placed.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The order isn't placed, and the following error message appears:

*Invalid City. Please use A-Z, a-z, 0-9, -, ', spaces*.


## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
