---
title: 'ACSD-67093: Retrieving orders through GraphQL using the date range filter returns incorrect results'
description: Apply the ACSD-67093 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the retrieving orders through GraphQL using the date range filter returns incorrect results.
feature: GraphQL, Orders
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---
# ACSD-67093: Retrieving orders through [!DNL GraphQL] using the date range filter returns incorrect results.

The ACSD-67093 patch fixes the issue where the retrieving orders through GraphQL using the date range filter returns incorrect results. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.70 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67093. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8-p2

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

GraphQL date range filter returns incorrect orders results 

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a product.
1. Create a customer and place an order.
1. Update the order or wait for a day.

    ```
    UPDATE sales_order
    SET created_at = '2025-07-01 12:00:00',
        updated_at = '2025-07-01 12:00:00'
    WHERE entity_id = 1;

    UPDATE sales_order_grid
    SET created_at = '2025-07-01 12:00:00',
        updated_at = '2025-07-01 12:00:00'
    WHERE entity_id = 1;
    ```

1. Place a new order without changing the date.
1. Create a customer token.
1. Filter all orders by their order dates.

   ```
    query{
        customer{
            orders(pageSize: 10, currentPage: 1, filter: { order_date: {
                from: "2025-07-21", to: "2025-07-24" } }) { items { order_number created_at status grand_total }, total_count } } }
   ```

<u>Expected results</u>:

Only the filtered date should be returned

<u>Actual results</u>:

All orders are returned

## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide.
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide.

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide.
