
---
title: "ACSD-67652: bundle product status returned as out-of-stock in GraphQL calls with child and parent products in stock"
description: Apply the ACSD-67652 patch to fix the Adobe Commerce issue where the bundle product status is returned as out-of-stock in GraphQL calls even with child and parent products in stock.
feature: GraphQL, Inventory
role: Admin, Developer
type: Troubleshooting
---

# ACSD-67652: bundle product status returned as out-of-stock in GraphQL calls with child and parent products in stock

The ACSD-67652 patch fixes the issue where the out-of-stock status is returned for bundle products in GraphQL, despite child and parent items being in stock. This patch is available when the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool (QPT)]](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) 1.1.71 is installed. The patch ID is ACSD-67652. Please note that this issue is scheduled to be fixed in Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

## Affected products and versions

**The patch is created for Adobe Commerce version:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8

**Compatible with Adobe Commerce versions:**

* Adobe Commerce (all deployment methods) 2.4.8 - 2.4.8-p2

>[!NOTE]
>
>The patch might become applicable to other versions with new [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] releases. To check if the patch is compatible with your Adobe Commerce version, update the `magento/quality-patches` package to the latest version and check the compatibility on the [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: Search for patches page](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/tools/commerce-quality-patches/index.html). Use the patch ID as a search keyword to locate the patch.

## Issue

An icorrect out-of-stock status is returned for bundle products in GraphQL, despite child and parent items being in stock.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

1. Create a bundle product with a disabled dynamic sku and dynamic price with one simple product as the required option assigned to it.
1. Make sure that the bundle product is in stock. 
1. Perform a full reindex. 
1. Perform a product GraphQL query for the bundle product with stock status to be returned.
1. Observe stock status for bundle product in GraphQL response.


<u>Expected results</u>:

The bundle product stock status should be **[!UICONTROL  IN_STOCK]** in the GraphQL response.

<u>Actual results</u>:

The bundle product stock status is **[!UICONTROL OUT_OF_STOCK]** in the GraphQL response.


## Apply the patch

To apply individual patches, use the following links depending on your deployment method:

* Adobe Commerce or Magento Open Source on-premises: [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool] > Usage](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/usage.md) in the [!DNL Quality Patches Tool] guide
* Adobe Commerce on cloud infrastructure: [Upgrades and Patches > Apply Patches](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-cloud-service/user-guide/develop/upgrade/apply-patches.html) in the Commerce on Cloud Infrastructure guide

## Related reading

To learn more about [!DNL Quality Patches Tool], refer to:

* [[!DNL Quality Patches Tool]: A self-service tool for quality patches](/help/tools/quality-patches-tool/quality-patches-tool-to-self-serve-quality-patches.md) in the Tools guide
